-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 NgwfpuGMU3mM2PgyiRqC/SHtqHc3+JyjH8giInUvPh0s3O7KIHzjmOnvYPw1a5eG
 xMOiEXSuyRHIfFAvugcENA==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000031235-01-000011.txt : 20010314
<SEC-HEADER>0000031235-01-000011.hdr.sgml : 20010314
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000031235-01-000011
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		1
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20001231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20010313

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EASTMAN KODAK CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000031235
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHOTOGRAPHIC EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [3861]
		IRS NUMBER:				160417150
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NJ
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-00087
		FILM NUMBER:		1566924

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		343 STATE ST
		CITY:			ROCHESTER
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14650
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7167244000
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>0001.txt
<TEXT>


                                                                  <PAGE> 1

                    SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                          Washington, D.C. 20549
                                 FORM 10-K

X     Annual report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
     Securities Exchange Act of 1934

     For the year ended December 31, 2000 or

     Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
     Exchange Act of 1934

     For the transition period from         to

     Commission File Number 1-87

                           EASTMAN KODAK COMPANY
          (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

NEW JERSEY                                              16-0417150
(State of incorporation)                               (IRS Employer
                                                        Identification No.)

343 STATE STREET, ROCHESTER, NEW YORK                   14650
(Address of principal executive offices)               (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code:     716-724-4000

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                                               Name of each exchange
       Title of each class                      on which registered

  Common Stock, $2.50 par value                New York Stock Exchange

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  None

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months, and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.
Yes   X             No

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K.   X

At December 31, 2000 290,484,266 shares of Common Stock of the registrant
were outstanding.  The aggregate market value (based upon the closing
price of these shares on the New York Stock Exchange at February 5, 2001)
of the voting stock held by nonaffiliates was approximately $13.0 billion.
                                                                  <PAGE> 2

                                 PART I

ITEM 1.  BUSINESS

Eastman Kodak Company (the Company or Kodak) is engaged primarily in
developing, manufacturing and marketing consumer, professional, health and
other imaging products and services.  Kodak's sales, earnings and
identifiable assets by operating segment for the past three years are
shown in Note 17, Segment Information.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
CONSUMER IMAGING SEGMENT

Sales of the Consumer Imaging segment for 2000, 1999 and 1998 were (in
millions) $7,406, $7,411 and $7,164, respectively.

Kodak manufactures and markets various components of consumer imaging
systems.  For traditional consumer amateur photography, Kodak supplies
films, photographic papers, processing services, photofinishing equipment,
photographic chemicals, cameras (including one-time-use) and projectors.
The Advanced Photo System is an amateur system of cameras, films and
photofinishing which delivers a variety of consumer features such as drop-
in loading, multiple print size options, index prints, and negatives
returned in the cartridge.  Kodak has also developed products that bridge
traditional silver halide and digital products.  These products include
kiosks and scanning systems to digitize images, digital media for storing
images, software for enhancing images and a network for transmitting
images.  In addition, other digitization options have been created to
stimulate more pictures in use, adding to the consumption of film and
paper, including Kodak Picture CD, Kodak PhotoNet Online, Kodak/America
Online (AOL) "You've Got Pictures" SM, Kodak Picture Disk, Kodak Photo CD,
and Kodak Picture Maker.  The Company presently has relationships with
Intel, Hewlett-Packard, AOL, Adobe Systems, Weave Innovations, and others
to expand the category for silver halide and digital products.

Marketing and Competition.  Kodak's consumer imaging products and services
are distributed worldwide through a variety of channels.  Individual
products are often used in substantial quantities in more than one market.
Most sales of the Consumer Imaging segment are made through retailers.
Independent retail outlets selling Kodak amateur products total many
thousands.  In a few areas abroad, Kodak products are marketed by
independent national distributors.  In addition, certain consumer products
may be purchased through the Internet.

Kodak's advertising programs actively promote its consumer imaging
products and services in its various markets, and its principal
trademarks, trade dress and corporate symbol are widely used and
recognized.

Kodak's consumer imaging products and services compete with similar
products and services of others.  Competition in traditional and digital
consumer imaging markets is strong throughout the world.  Many large and
small companies offer similar consumer products and services that compete
with Kodak's business.  Kodak's products are continually improved to meet
the changing needs and preferences of its customers.
                                                                  <PAGE> 3

Raw Materials.  The raw materials used by the Consumer Imaging segment are
many and varied and generally available.  Silver is one of the essential
materials in traditional photographic film and paper manufacturing.
Digital electronic components are also prevalent in product offerings.
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------

KODAK PROFESSIONAL SEGMENT

Sales of the Kodak Professional segment for 2000, 1999 and 1998 were (in
millions) $1,706, $1,910 and $1,840, respectively.

Products of the Kodak Professional segment include films, photographic
papers, digital cameras, printers and scanners, chemicals, and services
targeted to professional customers.  These products serve professional
photofinishers, professional photographers and commercial printers and
publishers.

Kodak Polychrome Graphics, a 50/50 joint venture with Sun Chemical
Corporation, was formed on December 31, 1997.  The joint venture assumed
responsibility for the photographic plate business, as well as for the
marketing of Kodak graphic arts film, and proofing materials and
equipment.

In September 1997, Kodak and Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG (Heidelberg)
established the NexPress joint venture for the purpose of developing and
marketing new digital color printing solutions for the graphic arts
industry.  In connection with the 1999 sale of the Office Imaging business
as further discussed, the Company and Heidelberg also expanded their joint
venture company, NexPress, to include the black-and-white
electrophotographic business.  The Company contributed its toner and
developer operations in Rochester and Kirkby, England to the joint
venture.

Marketing and Competition.  Kodak's professional imaging products and
services are distributed through a variety of channels, including the
Internet.  Most sales of the Kodak Professional segment are made to
professional photographers, printers and publishers.

Kodak's professional imaging products and services compete with similar
products and services of other small and large companies.  Strong
competition exists throughout the world in these markets.  Kodak's
products are continually improved to meet the changing needs and
preferences of its customers.

Raw Materials.  The raw materials used by the Kodak Professional segment
are many and varied and generally available.  Silver is one of the
essential materials used in the manufacturing of professional
photographic, industrial x-ray, and graphic arts film, and paper.  Digital
electronic components are becoming more prevalent in product offerings.
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                  <PAGE> 4

HEALTH IMAGING SEGMENT

Sales of the Health Imaging segment for 2000, 1999 and 1998 were (in
millions) $2,185, $2,120 and $1,526, respectively.

The products of the Health Imaging segment are used to capture, store,
process, print and display images and information in a variety of forms
for customers in the healthcare industry, for both primary and referral
diagnoses.

Products of the Health Imaging segment include traditional analog products
such as medical films, chemicals, and processing equipment, as well as
services for healthcare professionals.  In addition, this segment provides
digital medical imaging systems which are a key component of sales and
earnings growth.  These include computed radiography systems, Picture
Archiving and Communications Systems (PACS), digital print film, and laser
imagers.  The Health Imaging segment serves customers for general
radiology products and specialty health markets, including cardiology,
dental, mammography, and oncology imaging.

On November 30, 1998, Kodak acquired the worldwide medical imaging
business of Imation Corp., which includes Imation's manufacturing
facilities in White City, Oregon and Oakdale, Minnesota, and all of the
outstanding shares of Imation's Cemax-Icon subsidiary in Fremont,
California.  At the time of acquisition, this business generated
approximately $500 million in annual revenues.

Marketing and Competition.  Kodak's health imaging products and services
are distributed through a variety of channels, primarily to healthcare
organizations.

Kodak's health imaging products and services compete with similar products
and services of other small and large companies.  Strong competition
exists throughout the world in these markets.  Kodak's products are
continually improved to meet the changing needs and preferences of its
healthcare customers.

Raw Materials.  The raw materials used by the Health Imaging segment are
many and varied and generally available.  Silver is one of the essential
materials used in X-ray film manufacturing.
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------

OTHER IMAGING SEGMENT

Sales of the Other Imaging segment for 2000, 1999 and 1998 were (in
millions) $2,697, $2,648 and $2,876, respectively.

Products of the Other Imaging segment include motion picture films,
audiovisual equipment, consumer digital cameras and printers, microfilm
products, applications software, printers, scanners and other business
equipment, aerial film, image capture products, optics and optical
systems, as well as supplies and service agreements to support certain of
these products.  These products serve customers primarily in motion
picture and television, document imaging, and government markets.

                                                                  <PAGE> 5

In April 1999, the Company sold its digital printer, copier-duplicator,
and roller assembly operations primarily associated with its Office
Imaging business to Heidelberg, which included its operations in
Rochester, NY, Muehlhausen, Germany and Tijuana, Mexico.  In November
1999, the Company sold The Image Bank, a wholly-owned subsidiary which
markets and licenses image reproduction rights, to Getty Images, Inc.  In
November 1999, the Company sold its Motion Analysis Systems Division,
which manufactures digital cameras and digital video cameras for the
automotive and industrial markets, to Roper Industries, Inc.  In 2000, the
Company divested its Eastman Software subsidiary and also acquired the
remaining ownership interest in PictureVision, Inc., the leading provider
of digital imaging network services and solutions at retail.

Marketing and Competition.  Products and services of the Other Imaging
segment are distributed through a variety of channels.  The Company also
sells and leases business equipment directly to users, and has a presence
on the Internet.

These products and services compete with similar products and services of
other small and large companies.  Strong competition exists throughout the
world in these markets.  Kodak's products are continually improved to meet
the changing needs and preferences of its customers.

Raw Materials.  The raw materials used are many and varied and generally
available.  Silver is one of the essential materials in traditional film
manufacturing.  Electronic components represent a significant portion of
the cost of the materials used in the manufacture of business equipment
and digital cameras.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

Through the years, Kodak has engaged in extensive and productive efforts
in research and development.  Research and development expenditures for
2000, 1999 and 1998 were (in millions) $784, $817 and $922, respectively.
The 2000 figure includes a $10 million charge for the write-off of in-
process research and development associated with the acquisition of the
remaining ownership interest in PictureVision, Inc.  The 1998 figure
includes a $42 million charge for the write-off of in-process research and
development associated with the acquisition of Imation Corp.'s worldwide
medical imaging business on November 30, 1998.  See Note 15, Acquisitions
and Joint Ventures.

Research and development is headquartered in Rochester, New York.  Other
U.S. groups are located in Boston, Massachusetts; Washington, D.C.; and
Menlo Park, California.  Outside the U.S., groups are located in
Australia, England, France, Japan and China.  These groups work in close
cooperation with manufacturing units and marketing organizations to
develop new products and applications to serve both existing and new
markets.
                                                                  <PAGE> 6

It has been Kodak's general practice to protect its investment in research
and development and its freedom to use its inventions by obtaining
patents. The ownership of these patents contributes to Kodak's ability to
provide leadership products and to generate revenue from licensing.  The
Company holds portfolios of patents in several areas important to its
business,  including color negative films, processing and papers; digital
cameras; network photo fulfillment; and organic light-emitting diodes.
Each of these areas is important to existing and emerging business
opportunities that bear directly on the Company's overall business
performance.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------

ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION

Kodak is subject to various laws and governmental regulations concerning
environmental matters.  Some of the U.S. federal environmental legislation
having an impact on Kodak includes the Toxic Substances Control Act, the
Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA), the Clean Air Act, and the
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of
1980, as amended (the Superfund law).

It is the Company's policy to carry out its business activities in a
manner consistent with sound health, safety and environmental management
practices, and to comply with applicable health, safety and environmental
laws and regulations.  Kodak continues to engage in a program for
environmental protection and control.

Environmental protection is further discussed in the Notes to Financial
Statements.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------

EMPLOYMENT

At the end of 2000, the Company employed 78,400 people, of whom 43,200
were employed in the U.S.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------

Financial information by geographic areas for the past three years is
shown in Note 17, Segment Information.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------

ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES

The Consumer Imaging segment of Kodak's business in the United States is
centered in Rochester, New York, where photographic goods are
manufactured.  Another manufacturing facility near Windsor, Colorado, also
produces sensitized photographic goods.

Consumer Imaging manufacturing facilities outside the United States are
located in Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, England, France, India,
Indonesia, Mexico, Nepal and Russia.  Kodak maintains marketing and
distribution facilities in many parts of the world.  The Company also owns
processing laboratories in numerous locations worldwide.
                                                                  <PAGE> 7

Products in the Kodak Professional segment are manufactured in the United
States, primarily in Rochester, New York.  Manufacturing facilities
outside the United States are located in Brazil, Canada, China, England,
France, Germany, Japan and Mexico.

Products in the Health Imaging segment are manufactured in the United
States, primarily in Rochester, New York; Windsor, Colorado; Oakdale,
Minnesota; White City, Oregon; and Fremont, California.  Manufacturing
facilities outside the United States are located in Brazil, China, France,
Germany, India and Mexico.

Products in the Other Imaging segment are manufactured in the United
States, primarily in Rochester, New York and Windsor, Colorado.
Manufacturing facilities outside the United States are located in Brazil,
Canada, England, France, Germany, Japan, India and Mexico.

Properties within a country are generally shared by all segments operating
within that country.

Regional distribution centers are located in various places within and
outside of the United States.  The Company owns or leases administrative,
manufacturing, marketing and processing facilities in various parts of the
world.  The leases are for various periods and are generally renewable.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------

Item 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

On October 6, 2000, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, Region 2,
initiated an administrative enforcement action against the Company,
alleging violations of air monitoring requirements under the Resource
Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA), the law that regulates the
management of hazardous waste.  These issues arose as the result of an
inspection conducted by EPA at the Company's Kodak Park manufacturing
facility in Rochester, New York in May 1999.  The complaint, alleging six
counts of failing to test and monitor certain valves, containers, and
pumps at Kodak Park, seeks a penalty of $303,064 and an Order requiring
the Company to come into compliance within sixty days.

Although the Company does not dispute the allegations with respect to some
equipment, many of the Agency's allegations are based on its more
expansive interpretation of the applicability of the hazardous waste
program to equipment that the Company believes to be process equipment
(and therefore exempt).  Settlement discussions are ongoing.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------

ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

None.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                  <PAGE> 8

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

Pursuant to General Instructions G(3) of Form 10-K, the following list is
included as an unnumbered item in Part I of this report in lieu of being
included in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders.

(as of December 31, 2000)
                                                      Date First Elected
                                                         an         to
                                                     Executive    Present
    Name               Age       Positions Held       Officer     Office

Joerg D. Agin           58   Senior Vice President      1996       1996
Michael P. Benard       53   Vice President             1994       1994
Charles S. Brown        50   Senior Vice President      2000       2000
Robert H. Brust         57   Chief Financial Officer
                             and Executive Vice
                             President                  2000       2000
Daniel A. Carp          52   Chairman of the Board,
                             President and
                             Chief Executive Officer    1995       2000
Martin M. Coyne, II     51   Executive Vice President   1997       2000
Carl E. Gustin, Jr.     49   Senior Vice President      1995       1995
Theodore G. Lewis       59   Senior Vice President      2000       2000
Carl A. Marchetto       45   Senior Vice President      2001       2001
J. M. McQuade           45   Senior Vice President      2000       2000
Michael P. Morley       57   Executive Vice President   1994       2000
Candy M. Obourn         50   Senior Vice President      1997       2000
Daniel P. Palumbo       42   Senior Vice President      1997       2000
E. Mark Rajkowski       42   Controller                 1998       1998
Willy C. Shih           49   Senior Vice President      1997       2000
Patrick T. Siewert      45   Senior Vice President      1997       2000
Eric L. Steenburgh      59   Executive Vice President
                             of Operations              1998       2000
James C. Stoffel        54   Senior Vice President      2000       2000
David Swift             42   Senior Vice President      2000       2000
Gary P. Van Graafeiland 54   General Counsel and
                             Senior Vice President      1992       1992



                                                                  <PAGE> 9

Executive officers are elected annually in February.

All of the executive officers have been employed by Kodak in various
executive and managerial positions for more than five years, except Mr.
Marchetto, who joined the Company on July 15, 1996; Mr. Palumbo, who
joined the Company on May 19, 1997; Mr. Shih, who joined the Company on
July 7, 1997; Mr. Stoffel, who joined the Company on September 22, 1997;
Mr Steenburgh, who joined the Company on April 13, 1998; Mr. Rajkowski,
who joined the Company on July 13, 1998; Mr. McQuade, who joined the
Company on January 1, 1999; Mr. Brust, who joined the Company on January
3, 2000; and Mr. Lewis, who joined the Company on October 9, 2000.  Prior
to joining Kodak in 1996, Mr. Marchetto was a commercial satellite program
director in the Astro Space Division of Lockheed Martin.  Prior to joining
that company, Mr. Marchetto held positions with Jet Propulsion Laboratory.
Prior to joining Kodak in 1997, Mr. Palumbo served in domestic and
European line management roles at Procter & Gamble.  Prior to joining
Kodak in 1997, Mr. Shih was Vice President of Marketing for Technical
Computing at Silicon Graphics Computer Systems, which he joined in 1995.
Prior to joining that company, Mr. Shih held executive positions with DEC,
which he joined in 1994, and IBM Corporation.  Prior to joining Kodak in
1997, Mr. Stoffel was Vice President and Chief Engineer at Xerox
Corporation.  Prior to joining Kodak in 1998, Mr. Steenburgh held senior
management positions at Xerox Corporation, Ricoh Company, Ltd., Goulds
Pumps, and, most recently, was President of the Industrial Pump Group
Worldwide at ITT Fluid Technology Corporation, a part of ITT Industries.
Prior to joining Kodak in 1998, Mr. Rajkowski was employed at Price
Waterhouse LLP (now PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP) where he was the Upstate
New York Technology Group Managing Partner and an Audit and Business
Advisory Services Partner.  Prior to joining Kodak in 1999, Mr. McQuade
was the General Manager of Imation's medical imaging systems business.
Prior to joining that company, Mr. McQuade held a number of positions with
3M since 1982.  Prior to joining Kodak in 2000, Mr. Brust was Senior Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer with Unisys Corporation since 1997.
Prior to joining that company, Mr. Brust held a variety of management
positions with General Electric since 1965.  Prior to joining Kodak in
2000, Mr. Lewis was the President and CEO of DaimlerChrysler R&D in Palo
Alto, California.

There have been no events under any bankruptcy act, no criminal
proceedings, and no judgments or injunctions material to the evaluation of
the ability and integrity of any executive officer during the past five
years.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 PART II

ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
         MATTERS

Eastman Kodak Company common stock is principally traded on the New York
Stock Exchange.  There are 113,308 shareholders of record of common stock
as of December 31, 2000.  See Liquidity and Capital Resources, and Market
Price Data in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                 <PAGE> 10

ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

Refer to Summary of Operating Data on page 67.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
        RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
<TABLE>
SUMMARY
<CAPTION>
(in millions, except per share data)

                                 2000   Change     1999   Change     1998
<S>                           <C>       <C>    <C>        <C>    <C>
Sales                         $13,994    - 1%   $14,089    + 5%   $13,406
Earnings from operations        2,214    +11      1,990    + 5      1,888
Net earnings                    1,407    + 1      1,392      -      1,390
Basic earnings per share         4.62    + 5       4.38    + 2       4.30
Diluted earnings per share       4.59    + 6       4.33    + 2       4.24
</TABLE>

2000

The Company's results for the year included the following:

Pre-tax charges of approximately $50 million ($33 million after tax)
associated with the sale and exit of one of the Company's equipment
manufacturing facilities. The costs for this effort, which began in 1999,
related to accelerated depreciation of assets still in use prior to the
sale of the facility in the second quarter, and costs for relocation of
the operations.  Additional relocation costs of approximately $10 million
pre-tax, per quarter, will be recorded through the first half of 2001 in
connection with these actions.

Excluding the above, net earnings were $1,440 million.  Basic earnings per
share were $4.73 and diluted earnings per share were $4.70.


1999

The Company's results for the year included the following:

A pre-tax restructuring charge of $350 million ($231 million after tax)
related to worldwide manufacturing and photofinishing consolidation and
reductions in selling, general and administrative positions worldwide.
See Note 11, Restructuring Programs and Cost Reduction.  In addition, the
Company incurred pre-tax charges of $11 million ($7 million after tax)
related to accelerated depreciation of assets still in use during 1999 and
sold in 2000, in connection with the exit of one of the Company's
equipment manufacturing facilities.

Pre-tax charges totaling approximately $103 million ($68 million after
tax) associated with the exits of the Eastman Software business ($51
million pre-tax) and Entertainment Imaging's sticker print kiosk product
line ($32 million pre-tax) as well as the write-off of the Company's
Calcomp investment ($20 million pre-tax), which was determined to be
unrecoverable.

                                                                 <PAGE> 11

Pre-tax gains of approximately $120 million ($79 million after tax)
related to the sale of The Image Bank ($95 million pre-tax gain) and the
Motion Analysis Systems Division ($25 million pre-tax gain).  See Note 16,
Sales of Assets and Divestitures.

Excluding the above items, net earnings were $1,619 million.  Basic
earnings per share were $5.09 and diluted earnings per share were $5.03.

1998

The Company's results for the year included the following:

The sales of its NanoSystems subsidiary and a portion of the Company's
investment in Gretag Imaging Group (Gretag), resulting in pre-tax gains of
$87 and $66 million ($57 and $44 million after tax), respectively.  See
Note 16, Sales of Assets and Divestitures.

A pre-tax charge of $132 million ($87 million after tax) for asset write-
downs and employee severance in the Office Imaging division due to volume
reductions from Danka Business Systems PLC (Danka).  See Note 16, Sales of
Assets and Divestitures.

A pre-tax charge of $45 million ($30 million after tax), primarily for in-
process research and development (R&D), associated with the acquisition of
the medical imaging business of Imation Corp. (the Imation charge).  See
Note 15, Acquisitions and Joint Ventures.

Excluding the above items, and pre-tax litigation charges of $35 million
($23 million after tax) related primarily to Health Imaging, net earnings
were $1,429 million.  Basic earnings per share were $4.42 and diluted
earnings per share were $4.37.

                                                                 <PAGE> 12
<TABLE>
DETAILED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
<CAPTION>
Sales by Operating Segment
(in millions)
                                 2000   Change     1999   Change     1998
<S>                           <C>       <C>     <C>       <C>     <C>

Consumer Imaging
  Inside the U.S.             $ 3,738    + 5%   $ 3,562    + 7%   $ 3,342
  Outside the U.S.              3,668    - 5      3,849    + 1      3,822
                              -------    ---    -------    ---    -------
Total Consumer Imaging          7,406      0      7,411    + 3      7,164
                              -------    ---    -------    ---    -------
Kodak Professional
  Inside the U.S.                 711    - 7        766    + 6        725
  Outside the U.S.                995    -13      1,144    + 3      1,115
                              -------    ---    -------    ---    -------
Total Kodak Professional        1,706    -11      1,910    + 4      1,840
                              -------    ---    -------    ---    -------
Health Imaging
  Inside the U.S.               1,038    + 9        954    +43        668
  Outside the U.S.              1,147    - 2      1,166    +36        858
                              -------    ---    -------    ---    -------
Total Health Imaging            2,185    + 3      2,120    +39      1,526
                              -------    ---    -------    ---    -------
Other Imaging
  Inside the U.S.               1,323    + 1      1,312    -16      1,558
  Outside the U.S.              1,374    + 3      1,336    + 1      1,318
                              -------    ---    -------    ---    -------
Total Other Imaging             2,697    + 2      2,648    - 8      2,876
                              -------    ---    -------    ---    -------
Total Sales                   $13,994    - 1%   $14,089    + 5%   $13,406
                              =======    ===    =======    ===    =======
</TABLE>

Earnings From Operations and Net Earnings by Operating Segment - See Note
17, Segment Information.

                                                                 <PAGE> 13
2000 COMPARED WITH 1999

CONSOLIDATED
- ------------
Worldwide sales of $13,994 million declined less than 1% from 1999.
Excluding portfolio adjustments, which reduced revenue by 2%, and the
negative impact of currency, which reduced revenue by 3%, sales were up 4%
compared with 1999.  Deteriorating U.S. economic conditions in the second
half of the year adversely impacted sales across a number of the Company's
businesses, particularly the consumer business.  Consumer film and paper
experienced slight sales declines while the Company's Kodak Professional
segment experienced more significant declines.  However, a number of the
Company's businesses did achieve sales growth in 2000, including Health
Imaging, Entertainment Imaging, Digital and Applied Imaging and Commercial
and Government Systems.

During 2000, the Company amended its definition of digital to better
reflect the digital product components of its graphics business as well as
some additional product reassignments.  This principally includes computer
to plate products and digital proofing systems.  Under this new
definition, digital revenues for the year were $3,001 million, an increase
of 5% over 1999.  Digital products and services represented 21% of the
Company's 2000 sales.  Sales of consumer digital products and services
increased 16%, while sales of commercial digital products and services
were flat.  Growth in consumer digital was led by increased revenues from
consumer digital cameras while the commercial digital business saw sales
increases in healthcare-related offerings largely offset by reduced
graphics sales.  Earnings from operations associated with the above sales
were a negative $58 million compared with a profit of $13 million in 1999.
Included in 2000 earnings from operations for the digital business are pre-
tax charges of approximately $45 million related to the Company's
PictureVision acquisition and write-downs at the Company's divested
Eastman Software business.

Sales in emerging markets increased 7% from 1999, and represent 18% of the
Company's total revenue in 2000.  Revenues generally increased in all
major regions in which Kodak participates, with Greater China up 10%,
Asian Emerging Markets up 9%, Greater Russia up 39%, Latin America up 3%,
and Eastern Europe up 2%.

Gross profit declined 2% with margins declining .6 percentage points from
43.3% in 1999 to 42.7% in 2000.  Excluding special charges in both years,
gross profit margins decreased 2.6 percentage points from 45.7% in 1999 to
43.1% in the current year.  The decline in margin was driven primarily by
lower prices, increased sales of lower margin products, like one-time-use
cameras and consumer digital cameras, and the negative impact of exchange.
Productivity gains that were recognized earlier in the year were partially
offset during the fourth quarter as the Company reduced inventories in the
face of slowing demand and retailer inventory reductions.

Selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses decreased 10% from
23.4% of sales in 1999 to 21.3% in 2000.  Excluding special charges in
1999, SG&A decreased 6% from the prior year from 22.5% of sales to 21.3%.
The reduction in SG&A expenses primarily reflects the success of the
Company's cost reduction initiatives and portfolio actions.

                                                                 <PAGE> 14

R&D expenses decreased 4% during the year from 5.8% of sales in 1999 to
5.6% in 2000.  This decline primarily reflects the benefit of portfolio
actions, primarily the divestiture of Eastman Software.

Earnings from operations increased 11% or $224 million in 2000.  Adjusting
for special charges in both years, earnings from operations declined $190
million or 8% as increased sales volumes in many of the Company's
businesses and the success of cost savings initiatives did not offset
lower effective selling prices and adverse currency movements.

Interest expense increased 25% over 1999 reflecting higher average
borrowing and rising interest rates.  Other income decreased by $165
million or 63% from 1999 due largely to the inclusion of gains of $120
million from the sale of the Image Bank and Motion Analysis Systems
Division in 1999.  Excluding the gains from the sale of these businesses,
other income declined $45 million, primarily reflecting lower equity
earnings from the Company's Kodak Polychrome Graphics (KPG) joint venture.

The effective tax rate for both 2000 and 1999 was 34%.

CONSUMER IMAGING
- ----------------

Sales in the Consumer Imaging segment of $7,406 were essentially flat
compared with 1999, as increased volumes were offset by lower prices and
adverse currency movements.  Excluding unfavorable exchange movements,
sales increased 3%.  U.S. sales increased 5% while sales outside the U.S.
declined by 5%, but increased 2% excluding the unfavorable effect of
exchange movements.

Worldwide film sales (including 35mm film, Advantix film, and one-time-use
cameras) decreased 1% from 1999 as increased volumes in all major
categories could not offset pricing pressures and adverse currency
movements.  U.S. film sales increased 2% primarily due to volume increases
of 17% in one-time-use cameras and 15% in Advantix film.  The Company
successfully held total film market share in the U.S. for the 3rd
consecutive year.  Outside the U.S., film sales to dealers declined 3% as
increased volumes were offset by lower prices and negative currency
movements.

Throughout 2000, the Company continued to successfully shift consumers to
the differentiated, higher value MAX and Advantix product lines.  By the
fourth quarter, combined U.S. sales of MAX and Advantix films grew to more
than 62% of total U.S. consumer roll film revenues, up 6 percentage points
over year-end 1999.

                                                                 <PAGE> 15

Worldwide paper sales declined 3% in 2000 as volume gains could not offset
lower prices and negative exchange.  U.S. paper sales increased by 1%, as
3% volume increases offset lower prices.  Outside the U.S., paper sales
decreased 5% as increased volumes could not offset lower prices and
negative exchange movements.

The penetration rate for the number of rolls scanned at Qualex wholesale
laboratories averaged 4.1% for the full year, equivalent to approximately
260 million scanned images.  By the end of 2000, the number of placements
of Kodak Picture Maker kiosks was over 29,000, an increase of 6,000 from
year-end 1999.

SG&A expenses for the segment decreased 6%, from 25.2% of sales in 1999
to 23.7% in 2000, reflecting the benefits of the Company's cost reduction
efforts.  SG&A excluding advertising decreased 6%, from 17.5% of sales in
1999 to 16.4% in 2000.  R&D expenses decreased 9%, from 4.7% of sales in
1999 to 4.3% in 2000.

Earnings from operations decreased 9%, reflecting reduced profit margins
driven primarily by lower effective selling prices, unfavorable product
mix and adverse exchange movements.  Lower gross profit was partially
offset by reduced SG&A and R&D spending.  Net earnings were $860 million,
which reflects a 4% decrease from the prior year, due primarily to lower
earnings from operations.

KODAK PROFESSIONAL
- ------------------

Sales in the Kodak Professional segment decreased 11% from 1999, 8%
excluding adverse currency movements.  Adjusting the year-over-year
comparison for the impact of the formation of the KPG joint venture in
Japan, sales declined 9%.  U.S. revenues decreased 7% and revenues outside
the U.S. decreased 13%, or 8% excluding the unfavorable impact of
exchange.

Total commercial products revenue declined 14% primarily due to lower
sensitized film and paper sales, as well as declines in professional
digital camera sales, all of which suffered from volume declines and
pricing pressure.  The graphics business also experienced revenue declines
of approximately 26%, due to reduced sales to the Company's KPG joint
venture.  The segment's Portrait/Social business increased 2% reflecting
increased sales of digitization services and 35mm film, which increased
both on a dollar and unit basis.

SG&A expenses for the segment were in line with 1999 in dollar terms but
increased as a percentage of sales, from 18.1% to 20.3%.  Excluding
advertising expenses, SG&A expenses increased 1%, from 15.9% of sales to
18.0%.  R&D spending decreased 10% in dollar terms, but remained level on
a percentage of sales basis at 7.4%.  The decrease is primarily due to the
reclassification of NexPress R&D costs to below earnings from operations
upon the formation of the NexPress joint venture in 1999.  Excluding this
reclassification, R&D decreased 2%.

                                                                 <PAGE> 16

Earnings from operations decreased 30%, while net earnings declined 58%.
Included in 1999 earnings from operations is a $20 million pre-tax charge
related to the write-off of the Company's investment in CalComp
Corporation.  Excluding this charge, other income (charges) decreased $141
million from a positive $48 million in 1999 to a negative $93 million in
2000, primarily reflecting a reduction in joint venture income from KPG
and the reclassification of NexPress R&D.

HEALTH IMAGING
- --------------

Sales in the Health Imaging segment increased 3% from the prior year, or
6% excluding the adverse effect of currency movements.  Sales inside the
U.S. increased 9%, while sales outside the U.S. decreased 2%, despite an
increase of 7% in emerging market sales.  Excluding negative exchange
movements, sales outside the U.S. increased 4%.

Sales of digital products (including laser printers, digital media,
digital capture equipment and Picture Archiving and Communication Systems
(PACS)) increased 11% over fiscal 1999.  Placements of DryView laser
imagers increased 67% in 2000.  DryView media sales increased 48% on
higher volumes, while digital capture products and PACS increased 51%.
The growth in these digital product lines was partially mitigated by an
expected decline in wet laser imaging sales.

Sales of traditional medical products, including analog film, equipment,
chemistry and services, declined 3% for the year but were flat when
adjusted for exchange.  For traditional analog film (excluding specialty
films), year-over-year sales declined 6% reflecting flat volumes,
unfavorable exchange and anticipated price declines.  Mammography and
Oncology specialty products grew by 12% primarily on higher volumes, while
sales of dental products increased 5% on slightly higher volumes and
favorable pricing.

SG&A expenses for the segment decreased 6%, from 20.0% of sales in 1999 to
18.2% in 2000.  Excluding advertising expenses, SG&A expenses decreased
8%, from 19.1% of sales to 17.1%, reflecting the benefits of cost control
initiatives and the continued successful integration of the Imation
business acquired in December 1998.  R&D expenses increased 5%, from 6.0%
of sales in 1999 to 6.2% in 2000.

Earnings from operations increased 7%, as higher sales and lower SG&A
costs more than offset increased R&D spending.  Segment net earnings
increased 10%, from $315 million to $346 million.
                                                                 <PAGE> 17

OTHER IMAGING
- -------------

Sales in the Other Imaging segment increased 2% from the prior year, or 5%
excluding exchange.  Adjusting for the impact of portfolio changes,
segment sales were up 10%.  Sales growth in 2000 was led by strong digital
camera sales and increased sales performance in the Commercial &
Government Systems unit.  Sales of motion picture film and services also
increased, reflecting the motion picture film industry's recovery from the
softness of a year ago.  U.S. sales increased 1%, while sales outside the
U.S. were up 3%, but up 9% excluding exchange.

Consumer digital camera sales increased 26% with over 70% higher unit
volumes partially offset by lower prices that reflect the competitiveness
of this business.  U.S. digital camera sales grew by 17% while camera
sales outside the U.S. increased 38%, both reflecting higher unit volumes
and lower prices.

SG&A expenses for the segment decreased 12%, from 20.6% of sales in 1999
to 17.7% in 2000.  Adjusting for special charges taken in 1999, SG&A
expenses declined 8%.  Excluding advertising expenses, SG&A expenses
decreased 17%, from 17.4% of sales to 14.2%.  Current-year SG&A expenses
included charges of approximately $23 million primarily related to the
Company's PictureVision acquisition and write-downs at the Company's
divested Eastman Software business, while prior year included SG&A from
divested businesses.  R&D expenses increased 1% in dollar terms, but were
level on a percentage of sales basis at 7.7%.  R&D expenses in 2000
include approximately $10 million of charges for the write-off of in-
process R&D related to the PictureVision acquisition.

Earnings from operations were $227 million, which is $30 million or 15%
higher than 1999.  Excluding special charges in both years, earnings from
operations of $237 million decreased $45 million, or 16% year over year.
The lower earnings are primarily due to lower prices on consumer digital
cameras and CD media, and adverse currency movements, which more than
offset SG&A savings.  Net earnings for the segment were $161 million, a
decrease of 27% from the prior year reflecting lower earnings from
operations in 2000 and the inclusion of gains from portfolio actions in
1999.

                                                                 <PAGE> 18

1999 COMPARED WITH 1998

CONSOLIDATED
- ------------

Worldwide sales for 1999 increased 5% over the prior year.  The impact of
portfolio actions on the year-to-year comparison was essentially neutral.
Currency changes against the dollar negatively affected sales by $12
million.  Sales growth in 1999 was achieved across numerous businesses,
including Health Imaging film (analog film as well as laser imaging
products of the acquired Imation medical imaging business), consumer and
professional digital cameras, Consumer Imaging color paper and film
(especially Advantix film and one-time-use cameras), CD media, and inkjet
media.

Sales in emerging markets increased 6%, and accounted for approximately
16% of the Company's 1999 worldwide sales.  The emerging markets portfolio
showed growth across a wide geographical range, with China up 30%, Korea
up 36% and India up 19%.  Strong growth in Mexico of 16% was offset by a
16% decline in Brazil, resulting in a 2% decline in the Latin American
Region.  Sales in Russia were weak, reflecting a 33% sales decline from
1998.

Overall gross profit margins decreased 2.3 percentage points from 45.6% in
1998 to 43.3% in 1999.  Excluding special charges in both years, gross
profit margins decreased .4 percentage points from 46.1% in 1998 to 45.7%
in 1999.  Gross profit margins were pressured by lower prices, increased
levels of goodwill amortization, startup costs in the China manufacturing
project, and the acquired Imation medical imaging business, which had
gross profit rates lower than the Company average.  These pressures were
offset, almost entirely, by gains in manufacturing productivity,
improvements in digital businesses, and the beneficial effects of
portfolio actions taken, including the divestiture of Office Imaging and a
significant portion of Consumer Imaging's retail business.

SG&A expenses for the Company were essentially level, but decreased from
24.6% of sales in 1998 to 23.4% in 1999.  Excluding restructuring charges,
SG&A expenses decreased 2% from the prior year and declined as a
percentage of sales from 24.1% in 1998 to 22.5% in 1999.  SG&A excluding
advertising expenses also decreased, from 18.5% to 17.4% of sales.  The
decrease in rates, excluding restructuring charges, is due to higher sales
and cost reduction activities as well as reductions in advertising
expense.

Excluding the Imation charge in 1998, R&D decreased 7%, from 6.6% of sales
in 1998 to 5.8% in 1999, as a result of a number of factors, including
improvement in the R&D cost structure, a more tightly focused portfolio,
and more joint development, with more work shared with partners.
                                                                 <PAGE> 19

Earnings from operations increased 5% to $1,990 million.  Excluding
special charges in both years, earnings from operations increased $389
million or 19%, as the benefits of higher unit sales volumes across many
of the Company's key products, manufacturing productivity, and cost
reductions more than offset lower effective selling prices and the
unfavorable effects of currency rate changes.

Interest expense increased 29% in 1999 to $142 million, primarily due to
higher average borrowings.  Other income (charges) decreased $67 million
from the prior year.  Excluding special charges and credits from 1999 and
1998, other income (charges) decreased $70 million, resulting primarily
from reduced investment income, lower gains on asset sales and R&D
investments in the NexPress joint venture.  The effective tax rates were
34% in both 1999 and 1998.
                                                                 <PAGE> 20

CONSUMER IMAGING
- ----------------
Consumer Imaging segment sales increased 3% in 1999.  Excluding the impact
of the divestiture of the Fox Photo operating unit in September 1998,
sales increased 6%, as higher volumes more than offset lower effective
selling prices and the negative effects of exchange.  Sales inside the
U.S. increased 7%, as higher volumes were partly offset by lower effective
selling prices and the impact of portfolio changes. Sales outside the U.S.
increased 1%, as higher volumes more than offset lower effective selling
prices and the negative effects of exchange.

Worldwide film sales increased 4% over 1998, as volume increases of 10%
more than offset lower effective selling prices.  Sales inside the U.S.
increased 2%, as higher unit volumes more than offset lower effective
selling prices.  Sales outside the U.S. increased 5%, as higher volumes
more than offset lower effective selling prices and the unfavorable
effects of currency rate changes.

Worldwide color paper sales increased 6% over 1998, as volume increases of
9% more than offset lower effective selling prices.  Sales inside the U.S.
were particularly strong, increasing 12%, due to higher unit volumes and
slightly higher effective selling prices.  Sales outside the U.S.
increased 2%, as higher volumes more than offset lower effective selling
prices and the unfavorable effects of currency rate changes.

SG&A expenses for the segment decreased 5% in dollar terms, and from 27.4%
of sales in 1998 to 25.2% in 1999, reflecting the benefits of Consumer
Imaging's sales growth and cost reduction activities.  Excluding
advertising expenses, SG&A expenses decreased 4%, from 18.9% of sales in
1998 to 17.5% in 1999.  R&D expenses decreased 5%, from 5.1% of sales in
1998 to 4.7% in 1999.

Earnings from operations increased 20% in 1999, as higher sales volumes,
cost reductions and manufacturing productivity more than offset lower
effective selling prices and the unfavorable effects of currency rate
changes.  Net earnings were $900 million, an increase of 15% from the
prior year, which included a $44 million after-tax gain related to the
sale of a portion of the Company's investment in Gretag.  Excluding the
1998 Gretag gain, net earnings increased 21%, as a result of increases in
earnings from operations.

KODAK PROFESSIONAL
- ------------------

Kodak Professional segment sales increased 4% in 1999.  Adjusting for the
contribution of the Japan graphics business to the KPG joint venture,
sales increased 8%, as higher volumes more than offset lower effective
selling prices.  Sales inside the U.S. increased 6%, as higher volumes
more than offset lower effective selling prices. Sales outside the U.S.
increased 3%, as higher volumes more than offset decreases from portfolio
changes.
                                                                 <PAGE> 21

Worldwide Graphics film sales increased 9% in 1999 on the strength of a
25% volume increase which more than offset lower graphics film prices.
Worldwide Portrait/Social sales increased 10%, as higher volumes and the
favorable effects of exchange were partially offset by lower effective
selling prices.  Sales inside the U.S. increased 10%, due to higher
volumes and higher effective selling prices.  Sales outside the U.S.
increased 9%, as volume increases and the favorable effects of exchange
were partially offset by lower effective selling prices.

SG&A expenses for the segment decreased 7%, from 20.3% of sales in 1998 to
18.1% in 1999.  Excluding advertising expenses, SG&A expenses decreased
7%, from 17.7% of sales in 1998 to 15.9% in 1999.  R&D expenses decreased
23%, from 9.9% of sales in 1998 to 7.4% in 1999.  The decrease in R&D
reflects the formation of the NexPress joint venture, whose R&D
investments were reclassified to other income (charges) during 1999.

Earnings from operations increased 13%, or 20% excluding the pre-tax
charge of $20 million for CalComp (discussed previously), as higher sales
volumes, manufacturing productivity, and cost reductions in SG&A and R&D
more than offset lower effective selling prices.  Net earnings increased
12%, primarily reflecting strong contributions from earnings from
operations.

HEALTH IMAGING
- --------------

Sales of the Health Imaging segment increased 39% in 1999, primarily due
to the acquisition of Imation's medical imaging business.  Excluding the
effect of the acquisition, sales increased 2%, as higher volumes more than
offset lower effective selling prices.  Sales inside the U.S. increased
43%, due primarily to the acquisition and higher volumes, offset by lower
effective selling prices.  Sales outside the U.S. increased 36%, due to
the acquisition and higher volumes, partly offset by lower effective
selling prices.

Worldwide analog film sales increased 19% over 1998, as higher volumes
more than offset lower effective selling prices.  Analog film sales inside
the U.S. increased 9%, as higher volumes more than offset lower effective
selling prices.  Outside the U.S., analog film sales increased 25%, as
higher volumes more than offset lower effective selling prices.  Overall,
significant volume growth worldwide is primarily attributable to the
acquisition of Imation's medical imaging business.

Sales of digital products (including digital print film, laser printers
and digital media) also benefited from the Imation acquisition, increasing
98% in 1999.
                                                                 <PAGE> 22

SG&A expenses increased 34% over 1998, due primarily to the acquisition of
Imation's medical imaging business, but decreased as a percentage of sales
from 20.7% in 1998 to 20.0% in 1999.  Excluding advertising expenses, SG&A
expenses increased 34%, but decreased from 19.7% of sales in 1998 to 19.1%
in 1999.  Excluding the 1998 Imation charge, R&D expenses increased 21%,
but decreased from 6.9% of sales in 1998 to 6.0% in 1999.

Earnings from operations increased 46%, or 29% excluding from 1998 the pre-
tax Imation charge of $45 million, as higher unit sales volumes,
manufacturing productivity, and cost reductions in SG&A and R&D more than
offset 1999's lower effective selling prices.  Net earnings increased 54%,
or 27% excluding from 1998 the charges for Imation and litigation, as a
result of the increase in earnings from operations.

OTHER IMAGING
- -------------

Sales in the Other Imaging segment decreased 8% in 1999, as higher unit
volumes were more than offset by portfolio changes (primarily the sale of
the Office Imaging business) and lower effective selling prices.
Excluding the impact of portfolio adjustments, segment sales increased 5%.
Sales of digital cameras and CD media increased significantly, while sales
of motion picture films decreased due to softness in the motion picture
industry.  Sales inside the U.S. decreased 16%, as decreases from
portfolio changes more than offset higher volumes.  Sales outside the U.S.
increased 1%, as higher volumes more than offset lower effective selling
prices.

Worldwide digital camera sales increased 97%, as significantly higher
volumes were only slightly offset by lower effective selling prices.
Digital camera sales inside the U.S. increased 106%, due to higher
volumes.  Outside the U.S., sales increased 87%, as considerably higher
volumes were only partially mitigated by lower effective selling prices.

SG&A expenses decreased 17%, from 22.8% of sales in 1998 to 20.6% in 1999.
Excluding advertising expenses, SG&A expenses decreased 19%, from 19.8% of
sales in 1998 to 17.4% in 1999.  R&D expenses decreased 11%, from 8.0% of
sales in 1998 to 7.7% in 1999.

Earnings from operations increased 25% in 1999.  Excluding special charges
in both 1998 and 1999, earnings from operations decreased 2%, as higher
volumes and manufacturing productivity were offset by lower effective
selling prices and the unfavorable effects of exchange.  Net earnings
increased 37%, but decreased 21% excluding special charges and credits
from both years.  This decrease reflects lower earnings from operations
and lower gains on sales of properties.
                                                                 <PAGE> 23

RESTRUCTURING PROGRAMS
- ----------------------

The Company recorded a $350 million pre-tax restructuring charge in the
third quarter of 1999.  Actions under this program were effectively
completed in 2000.  The Company realized approximate savings associated
with this program of $90 million in 2000, and expects an additional $50
million of savings in 2001, resulting in a total annual run-rate savings
of $140 million.  The Company anticipates recovering the net cash cost of
this program in two years.  Approximately 2,900 positions were eliminated
worldwide under this program (see Note 11, Restructuring Programs and Cost
Reduction).

OUTLOOK
- --------

The Company expects the overall slowdown in the U.S. economy and the
corresponding industry-wide decrease in photographic activity to continue
through the first two quarters of 2001 before recovering in the second
half of the year.  The Company will continue to take actions to minimize
the financial impact of this slowdown.  These actions include efforts to
better manage production and inventory levels while at the same time
reducing discretionary spending to further hold down costs.  The Company
will also consider additional actions, including reductions in staff in
certain areas of the Company, aimed at making its operations more cost
competitive and improving margins.

During 2000, the Company completed an ongoing program of real estate
divestitures and portfolio rationalization that contributed to other
income (charges) reaching an annual average of $100 million over the past
three years.  Now that this program is largely complete, the other income
(charges) category is expected to run in the $0 to negative $50 million
range annually.

The Company expects a 1% reduction in its effective tax rate from 34% in
2000 to 33% in 2001.  This reduction was reflected in the earnings
guidance issued January 17th, 2001.

From a liquidity and capital resource perspective, the Company will look
to reduce its debt levels by focusing on increasing cash flow, lowering
capital spending and reducing inventory and receivable levels.


                                                                 <PAGE> 24

THE EURO
- --------

The Treaty on European Union provided that an economic and monetary union
(EMU) be established in Europe whereby a single European currency, the
Euro, replaces the currencies of participating member states.  The Euro
was introduced on January 1, 1999, at which time the value of
participating member state currencies was irrevocably fixed against the
Euro and the European Currency Unit (ECU) was replaced at the rate of one
Euro to one ECU.  For the three-year transitional period ending December
31, 2001, the national currencies of member states will continue to
circulate, but as sub-units of the Euro.  New public debt will be issued
in Euros and existing debt may be redenominated into Euros.  At the end of
the transitional period, Euro banknotes and coins will be issued, and the
national currencies of the member states will cease to be legal tender no
later than June 30, 2002.  The countries that adopted the Euro on January
1, 1999 are Austria, Belgium, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy,
Luxembourg, The Netherlands, Portugal, and Spain.  Greece will now be part
of the transition.  The Company has operations in all of these countries.

As a result of the Euro conversion, it is possible that selling prices of
the Company's products and services will experience downward pressure, as
current price variations among countries are reduced due to easy
comparability of Euro prices across countries.  Prices will tend to
harmonize, although value added taxes and transportation costs will still
justify price differentials.  Adoption of the Euro will probably
accelerate existing market and pricing trends including pan-European
buying and general price erosion.

On the other hand, currency exchange and hedging costs will be reduced;
lower prices and pan-European buying will benefit the Company in its
purchasing endeavors; the number of banks and suppliers needed will be
reduced; there will be less variation in payment terms; and it will be
easier for the Company to expand into new marketing channels such as mail
order and Internet marketing.

The Company is in the process of making changes in areas such as marketing
and pricing, purchasing, contracts, payroll, taxes, cash management and
treasury operations.  Under the 'no compulsion no prohibition' rules,
billing systems have been modified so that the Company is now able to show
total gross, value added tax, and net in Euros on national currency
invoices.  This enables customers to pay in the new Euro currency if they
wish to do so.  Countries that have installed ERP/SAP software in
connection with the Company's enterprise resource planning project are
able to invoice and receive payments in Euros as well as in other
currencies.  Systems for pricing, payroll and expense reimbursements will
continue to use national currencies until year-end 2001.  The functional
currencies of the Company's operations in affected countries will remain
the national currencies until approximately May 2001 (except Germany and
Austria (November 2001)), when they will change to the Euro.  Systems
changes for countries not on SAP (Finland and Greece) are also being
implemented in 2001.
                                                                 <PAGE> 25

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

Net cash provided by operating activities in 2000 was $982 million, as net
earnings of $1,407 million, adjusted for depreciation and amortization,
provided $2,296 million of operating cash.  This was partially offset by
increases in receivables of $247 million, largely due to the timing of
sales late in the fourth quarter; increases in inventories of $282
million, reflecting lower than expected sales performance in the second
half of the year particularly consumer films and paper and consumer
digital camera sales; and decreases in liabilities (excluding borrowings)
of $755 million related primarily to severance payments for restructuring
programs and reductions in accounts payable and accrued benefit costs.
Net cash used in investing activities of $783 million in 2000 was utilized
primarily for capital expenditures of $945 million and business
acquisitions of $130 million, partially offset by proceeds of $276 million
from sales of businesses/assets.  Net cash used in financing activities of
$314 million in 2000 was the result of stock repurchases and dividend
payments, largely funded by net increases in borrowings of $1,313 million.

Cash dividends per share of $1.76, payable quarterly, were declared in
each of the years 2000, 1999 and 1998.  Total cash dividends of
approximately $545 million, $563 million and $569 million were paid in
2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively.

Net working capital (excluding short-term borrowings) increased to $1,482
million from $838 million at year-end 1999.  This increase is mainly
attributable to lower payable levels and higher receivable and inventory
balances, as discussed above.

Capital additions were $945 million in 2000, with the majority of the
spending supporting manufacturing productivity and quality improvements,
new products including e-Commerce initiatives, digital photofinishing and
digital cameras, and ongoing environmental and safety spending.  In 2001,
the Company expects to reduce its capital spending (excluding
acquisitions) from its 2000 spending levels.  Capital additions by segment
are included in Note 17, Segment Information.

Under its stock repurchase programs, the Company repurchased $1,099
million, $925 million and $258 million of its shares in 2000, 1999 and
1998, respectively.  During the second quarter of 1999, the Company
completed stock repurchases under its 1996 $2 billion authorization.  That
program, initiated in May 1996, resulted in 26.8 million shares being
repurchased.  Under the $2 billion program announced on April 15, 1999,
the Company repurchased an additional 21.6 million shares for $1,099
million in 2000 and 9.8 million shares for $656 million in 1999.  On
December 7, 2000, Kodak's board of directors authorized the repurchase of
up to an additional $2 billion of the Company's stock over the next 4
years.
                                                                 <PAGE> 26

The Company has access to a $3.5 billion revolving credit facility
expiring in November 2001.  The Company also has a shelf registration
statement for debt securities with an available balance of $1.9 billion.

See Note 8, Commitments and Contingencies, for other commitments of the
Company.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
OTHER

Kodak is subject to various laws and governmental regulations concerning
environmental matters.  See Note 8, Commitments and Contingencies.
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SAFE HARBOR PROVISIONS OF THE PRIVATE
SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995

Certain statements in this report may be forward-looking in nature, or
"forward-looking statements" as defined in the United States Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  For example, references to the
Company's earnings per share expectations for 2001 are forward-looking
statements.

Actual results may differ from those expressed or implied in forward-
looking statements.  The forward-looking statements contained in this
report are subject to a number of risk factors, including: the Company's
ability to implement its product strategies (including its category
expansion and digitization strategies and its plans for digital products
and Advantix products), to develop its e-commerce strategies, and to
complete information systems upgrades; the successful completion of
various portfolio actions; the ability of the Company to reduce
inventories, improve receivables performance, and reduce capital
expenditures; the inherent unpredictability of currency fluctuations and
raw material costs; competitive actions, including pricing; the ability to
reduce spending and realize operating efficiencies, including a
significant reduction in SKU's; the ability to achieve planned
improvements in Kodak Professional; the nature and pace of technology
substitution; the ability of the Company to develop its business in
emerging markets like China and India; general economic and business
conditions, including the timing of a business upturn; and other factors
disclosed previously and from time to time in the Company's filings with
the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Any forward-looking statements in this report should be evaluated in light
of these important risk factors.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------

MARKET PRICE DATA
                          2000                           1999
Price per
share:              High          Low              High          Low

1st Qtr.           $67.50       $53.31            $80.38       $62.31
2nd Qtr.            63.63        53.19             79.81        60.81
3rd Qtr.            65.69        39.75             78.25        68.25
4th Qtr.            48.50        35.31             77.50        56.63
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                 <PAGE> 27

SUMMARY OF OPERATING DATA

A summary of operating data for 2000 and for the four years prior is shown
on page 67.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------

ITEM 7A.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

The Company, as a result of its global operating and financing activities,
is exposed to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, commodity
prices, and interest rates, which may adversely affect its results of
operations and financial position.  In seeking to minimize the risks
and/or costs associated with such activities, the Company may enter into
derivative contracts. See also Note 9, Financial Instruments.

On January 1, 2000, the Company adopted Financial Accounting Standards
Board (FASB) Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 133,
"Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities."  This
Statement requires that an entity recognize all derivatives as either
assets or liabilities and measure those instruments at fair value.  If
certain conditions are met, a derivative may be designated as a hedge.
The accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative depends on
the intended use of the derivative and the resulting designation.

The transition adjustment was a pre-tax loss of $1 million ($1 million
after tax) recorded in other income (charges) for marking foreign exchange
forward contracts to fair value, and a pre-tax gain of $3 million ($2
million after tax) recorded in other comprehensive income for marking
silver forward contracts to fair value.  These items were not displayed in
separate captions as cumulative effects of a change in accounting
principle, due to their immateriality.  The fair value of the contracts is
reported in other current assets or in current payables.

The Company has entered into foreign currency forward contracts that are
designated as cash flow hedges of exchange rate risk related to forecasted
foreign currency denominated intercompany sales.  At December 31, 2000,
the Company had cash flow hedges for the Euro, the Canadian dollar, and
the Australian dollar, with maturity dates ranging from January 2001 to
December 2001.

At December 31, 2000, the fair value of all open foreign currency forward
contracts was a pre-tax unrealized loss of $44 million.  Of this pre-tax
loss, $42 million has been deferred as a part of other comprehensive
income while $2 million has been charged to other income (charges) on the
Company's Consolidated Statement of Earnings.  Additionally, realized
gains of approximately $2 million (pre-tax), related to closed foreign
currency contracts, have been deferred in other comprehensive income.  If
all amounts deferred to other comprehensive income were to be realized,
approximately $39 million would be reclassified into cost of goods sold
over the next twelve months, based on sales to third parties.  During the
year, a realized gain of $9 million (pre-tax) was reclassified from other
comprehensive income to cost of goods sold.  Hedge ineffectiveness was
insignificant.

                                                                 <PAGE> 28


The Company does not apply hedge accounting to the foreign currency
forward contracts used to offset currency-related changes in the fair
value of foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities.  These
contracts are marked to market through earnings at the same time that the
exposed assets and liabilities are remeasured through earnings (both in
other income). The majority of the contracts held by the Company are
denominated in Euros, Australian dollars, Chinese renminbi, Canadian
dollars, and British pounds.

A sensitivity analysis indicates that if foreign currency exchange rates
at December 31, 2000 and 1999 increased 10%, the Company would incur
losses of $88 million and $87 million on foreign currency forward
contracts outstanding at December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively.  Such
losses would be substantially offset by gains from the revaluation or
settlement of the underlying positions hedged.

The Company has entered into silver forward contracts that are designated
as cash flow hedges of price risk related to forecasted worldwide silver
purchases.  The Company used silver forward contracts to minimize
virtually all of its exposure to increases in silver prices in 2000.  At
December 31, 2000, the Company had open forward contracts, with maturity
dates ranging from January 2001 to December 2001, hedging virtually all of
its planned silver requirements through the fourth quarter of 2001.

At December 31, 2000, the fair value of open contracts was a pre-tax
unrealized loss of $17 million, recorded in other comprehensive income.
If this amount were to be realized, $16 million (pre-tax) of this loss
would be reclassified into cost of goods sold within the next twelve
months.  During the year, a realized loss of $3 million (pre-tax) was
recorded in cost of goods sold.  At December 31, 2000, realized losses of
$4 million (pre-tax), related to closed silver contracts, were recorded in
other comprehensive income.  These losses will be reclassified into cost
of goods sold as silver-containing products are sold (all within the next
twelve months).  Hedge ineffectiveness was insignificant.

A sensitivity analysis indicates that, based on broker-quoted termination
values, if the price of silver decreased 10% from spot rates at December
31, 2000 and 1999, the fair value of silver forward contracts would be
reduced by $27 million and $5 million, respectively.  Such losses in fair
value, if realized, would be offset by lower costs of manufacturing silver-
containing products.

The Company is exposed to interest rate risk primarily through its
borrowing activities and, to a lesser extent, through investments in
marketable securities.  The Company utilizes U.S. dollar denominated as
well as foreign currency denominated borrowings to fund its working
capital and investment needs.  The majority of short-term and long-term
borrowings are in fixed rate instruments.  There is inherent roll-over
risk for borrowings and marketable securities as they mature and are
renewed at current market rates.  The extent of this risk is not
predictable because of the variability of future interest rates and
business financing requirements.


                                                                 <PAGE> 29


Using a yield-to-maturity analysis, if December 31, 2000 interest rates
increased 10% (about 62 basis points) with the current period's level of
debt, the fair value of short-term and long-term borrowings would decrease
$2 million and $20 million, respectively.  If December 31, 1999 interest
rates increased 10% (about 55 basis points) with the December 31, 1999
level of debt, the fair value of short-term and long-term borrowings would
decrease $1 million and $18 million, respectively.

The Company's financial instrument counterparties are high quality
investment or commercial banks with significant experience with such
instruments.  The Company manages exposure to counterparty credit risk by
requiring specific minimum credit standards and diversification of
counterparties.  The Company has procedures to monitor the credit exposure
amounts.  The maximum credit exposure at December 31, 2000 was not
significant to the Company.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                 <PAGE> 30

ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

MANAGEMENT'S RESPONSIBILITY FOR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Management is responsible for the preparation and integrity of the
consolidated financial statements and related notes which appear on pages
32 through 66.  These financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America, and include certain amounts that are based on
management's best estimates and judgments.
  The Company's accounting systems include extensive internal controls
designed to provide reasonable assurance of the reliability of its
financial records and the proper safeguarding and use of its assets.  Such
controls are based on established policies and procedures, are implemented
by trained, skilled personnel with an appropriate segregation of duties,
and are monitored through a comprehensive internal audit program.  The
Company's policies and procedures prescribe that the Company and all
employees are to maintain the highest ethical standards and that its
business practices throughout the world are to be conducted in a manner
which is above reproach.
  The consolidated financial statements have been audited by
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent accountants, who were responsible
for conducting their audits in accordance with auditing standards
generally accepted in the United States of America.  Their resulting
report is shown below.
  The Board of Directors exercises its responsibility for these financial
statements through its Audit Committee, which consists entirely of non-
management Board members.  The independent accountants and internal
auditors have full and free access to the Audit Committee.  The Audit
Committee meets periodically with the independent accountants and the
Director of Corporate Auditing, both privately and with management
present, to discuss accounting, auditing and financial reporting matters.



Daniel A. Carp                           Robert H. Brust
Chairman, President and                  Chief Financial Officer, and
Chief Executive Officer                  Executive Vice President

January 15, 2001                         January 15, 2001
                                                                 <PAGE> 31

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of
Eastman Kodak Company

In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements listed
in the index appearing under Item 14(a)(1) and (2) on page 70 of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of Eastman Kodak Company and subsidiary companies
(Kodak) at December 31, 2000 and 1999, and the results of their operations
and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2000, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America.  These financial statements are
the responsibility of the Company's management; our responsibility is to
express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.  We
conducted our audits of these statements in accordance with auditing
standards generally accepted in the United States of America, which
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.
An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the
amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.  We believe
that our audits provide a reasonable basis for the opinion expressed
above.


PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Rochester, New York
January 15, 2001
                                                                 <PAGE> 32
<TABLE>
Eastman Kodak Company and Subsidiary Companies
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF EARNINGS
<CAPTION>
                                        For the Year Ended December 31,
(in millions, except per share
 data)
                                        2000         1999         1998
<S>                                  <C>          <C>          <C>
Sales                                $13 994      $14,089      $13,406
Cost of goods sold                     8,019        7,987        7,293
                                     -------      -------      -------
   Gross profit                        5,975        6,102        6,113

Selling, general and
 administrative expenses               2,977        3,295        3,303
Research and development costs           784          817          922
                                     -------      -------      -------
   Earnings from operations            2,214        1,990        1,888

Interest expense                         178          142          110
Other income (charges)                    96          261          328
                                     -------      -------      -------
Earnings before income taxes           2,132        2,109        2,106
Provision for income taxes               725          717          716
                                      ------      -------      -------
   NET EARNINGS                       $1,407      $ 1,392      $ 1,390
                                      ======      =======      =======

Basic earnings per share              $ 4.62      $  4.38      $  4.30
                                      ======      =======      =======

Diluted earnings per share            $ 4.59      $  4.33      $  4.24
                                      ======      =======      =======

Earnings used in basic and diluted
 earnings per share                   $1,407      $ 1,392      $ 1,390

Number of common shares used in
 basic earnings per share              304.9        318.0        323.3
Incremental shares from
 assumed conversion of options           1.7          3.5          4.5
                                      ------      -------      -------
Number of common shares used in
 diluted earnings per share            306.6        321.5        327.8
                                      ======      =======      =======

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
</TABLE>
                                                              <PAGE> 33
<TABLE>
Eastman Kodak Company and Subsidiary Companies
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
<CAPTION>
(in millions, except share and per
 share data)                                    At December 31,
                                             2000            1999
<S>                                       <C>             <C>
ASSETS

CURRENT ASSETS
Cash and cash equivalents                 $   246         $   373
Marketable securities                           5              20
Receivables                                 2,653           2,537
Inventories                                 1,718           1,519
Deferred income tax charges                   575             689
Other                                         294             306
                                          -------         -------
 Total current assets                       5,491           5,444
                                          -------         -------
PROPERTIES
Land, buildings and equipment at cost      12,963          13,289
Less: Accumulated depreciation              7,044           7,342
                                          -------         -------
 Net properties                             5,919           5,947
                                          -------         -------
OTHER ASSETS
Goodwill (net of accumulated
 amortization of $778 and $671)               947             982
Long-term receivables and other
 noncurrent assets                          1,767           1,801
Deferred income tax charges                    88             196
                                          -------         -------
 TOTAL ASSETS                             $14,212         $14,370
                                          =======         =======
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

CURRENT LIABILITIES
Payables                                  $ 3,275         $ 3,832
Short-term borrowings                       2,206           1,163
Taxes - income and other                      572             612
Dividends payable                             128             139
Deferred income tax credits                    34              23
                                          -------         -------
 Total current liabilities                  6,215           5,769

OTHER LIABILITIES
Long-term borrowings                        1 166             936
Postemployment liabilities                  2,610           2,776
Other long-term liabilities                   732             918
Deferred income tax credits                    61              59
                                          -------         -------
 Total liabilities                         10,784          10,458
                                          -------         -------
SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
Common stock, par value $2.50 per share
   950,000,000 shares authorized; issued
   391,292,760 shares in 2000 and 1999        978             978
Additional paid in capital                    871             889
Retained earnings                           7,869           6,995
Accumulated other comprehensive loss         (482)           (145)
                                          -------         -------
                                            9,236           8,717
Treasury stock, at cost
   100,808,494 shares in 2000 and
    80,871,830 shares in 1999               5,808           4,805
                                          -------         -------
 Total shareholders' equity                 3,428           3,912
                                          -------         -------
 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND
   SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY                   $14,212         $14,370
                                          =======         =======
<FN>
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
statements.
</TABLE>

                                                           <PAGE> 34
<TABLE>
Eastman Kodak Company and Subsidiary Companies
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
<CAPTION>
(in millions, except number of shares)
                                                                           Accumulated
                                                     Additional               Other
                                             Common   Paid In  Retained   Comprehensive    Treasury
                                             Stock*   Capital  Earnings    Income (Loss)    Stock    Total
<S>                                          <C>     <C>       <C>         <C>             <C>      <C>
 Shareholders' Equity December 31, 1997       $978     $ 914    $ 5,343      $(202)        $(3,872) $3,161

Net earnings                                     -         -      1,390          -               -   1,390
                                                                                                    ------
 Other comprehensive income (loss):
  Unrealized holding gains arising
   during the period ($122 million pre-tax)      -         -          -          -               -      80
  Reclassification adjustment for gains
   included in net earnings ($66 million
   pre-tax)                                      -         -          -          -               -     (44)
  Currency translation adjustments               -         -          -          -               -      59
  Minimum pension liability adjustment
   ($7 million pre-tax)                          -         -          -          -               -      (4)
                                                                                                    ------
 Other comprehensive income                      -         -          -         91               -      91
                                                                                                    ------
Comprehensive income                             -         -          -          -               -   1,481

Cash dividends declared                          -         -       (570)         -               -    (570)
Treasury stock repurchased (3,541,295 shares)    -         -          -          -            (258)   (258)
Treasury stock issued under employee plans
 (3,272,713 shares)                              -       (58)         -          -             186     128
Tax reductions - employee plans                  -        46          -          -               -      46
                                              ----     -----    -------      -----         -------  ------
 Shareholders' Equity December 31, 1998        978       902      6,163       (111)         (3,944)  3,988

Net earnings                                     -         -      1,392          -               -   1,392
                                                                                                    ------
 Other comprehensive income (loss):
  Unrealized holding gains arising
   during the period ($115 million pre-tax)      -         -          -          -               -      83
  Reclassification adjustment for gains
   included in net earnings ($20 million
   pre-tax)                                      -         -          -          -               -     (13)
  Currency translation adjustments               -         -          -          -               -    (118)
  Minimum pension liability adjustment
   ($26 million pre-tax)                         -         -          -          -               -      14
                                                                                                    ------
 Other comprehensive loss                        -         -          -        (34)              -     (34)
                                                                                                    ------
Comprehensive income                             -         -          -          -               -   1,358

Cash dividends declared                          -         -       (560)         -               -    (560)
Treasury stock repurchased (13,482,648 shares)   -         -          -          -            (925)   (925)
Treasury stock issued under employee plans
 (1,105,220 shares)                              -       (24)         -          -              64      40
Tax reductions - employee plans                  -        11          -          -               -      11
                                              ----     -----    -------      -----         -------  ------
 Shareholders' Equity December 31, 1999        978       889      6,995       (145)         (4,805)  3,912
</TABLE


                                                                    <PAGE> 35

</TABLE>
<TABLE>
Eastman Kodak Company and Subsidiary Companies
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Cont'd.
<CAPTION>
(in millions, except number of shares)

                                                                           Accumulated
                                                     Additional               Other
                                             Common   Paid In  Retained   Comprehensive    Treasury
                                             Stock*   Capital  Earnings    Income (Loss)    Stock    Total
<S>                                          <C>     <C>       <C>         <C>             <C>      <C>
Shareholders' Equity December 31, 1999        $978     $ 889    $ 6,995      $(145)        $(4,805) $3,912

Net earnings                                     -         -      1,407          -               -   1,407
                                                                                                    ------
 Other comprehensive income (loss):
  Unrealized holding loss arising
   during the period ($77 million pre-tax)       -         -          -          -               -     (48)
  Reclassification adjustment for gains
   included in net earnings ($94 million
   pre-tax)                                      -         -          -          -               -     (58)
  Unrealized loss arising from
   hedging activity ($55 million pre-tax)        -         -          -          -               -     (34)
  Reclassification adjustment for hedging
   related gains included in net earnings
   ($6 million pre-tax)                          -         -          -          -               -      (4)
  Currency translation adjustments               -         -          -          -               -    (194)
  Minimum pension liability adjustment
   ($2 million pre-tax)                          -         -          -          -               -       1
                                                                                                    ------
 Other comprehensive loss                        -         -          -       (337)              -    (337)
                                                                                                    ------
Comprehensive income                             -         -          -          -               -   1,070

Cash dividends declared                          -         -       (533)         -               -    (533)
Treasury stock repurchased (21,575,536 shares)   -         -          -          -          (1,099) (1,099)
Treasury stock issued under employee plans
 (1,638,872 shares)                              -       (33)         -          -              96      63
Tax reductions - employee plans                  -        15          -          -               -      15
                                              ----     -----    -------      -----         -------  ------
 Shareholders' Equity December 31, 2000       $978     $ 871    $ 7,869      $(482)        $(5,808) $3,428
                                              ====     =====    =======      =====         =======  ======
<FN>
*  There are 100 million shares of $10 par value preferred stock authorized, none of which have been issued.

Accumulated unrealized holding gains, related to available for sale securities, as of December 31,
2000, 1999 and 1998 were $7 million, $113 million, and $43 million, respectively.  Accumulated unrealized losses related
to hedging activity as of December 31, 2000 were $(38).  Accumulated translation adjustments as of December 31, 2000, 1999
and 1998 were $(425) million, $(231) million and $(113) million, respectively.  Accumulated minimum pension liability
adjustments as of December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998 were $(26) million, $(27) million and $(41) million, respectively.

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
</TABLE>


                                                                 <PAGE> 36
<TABLE>
Eastman Kodak Company and Subsidiary Companies
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
<CAPTION>
                                         For the Year Ended December 31,
(in millions)                             2000        1999        1998
<S>                                     <C>         <C>         <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:
Net earnings                            $1,407      $1,392      $1,390
Adjustments to reconcile to net cash
 provided by operating activities:
  Depreciation and amortization            889         918         853
  Gain on sales of businesses/assets      (117)       (162)       (166)
  Restructuring costs, asset impairments
   and other charges                         -         453          42
  Provision for deferred income taxes      235         247         202
  Increase in receivables                 (247)       (121)         (1)
  Increase in inventories                 (282)       (201)        (43)
  Decrease in liabilities
   excluding borrowings                   (755)       (478)       (516)
  Other items, net                        (148)       (115)       (278)
                                        ------      ------       -----
    Total adjustments                     (425)        541          93
                                        ------      ------      ------
    Net cash provided by operating
     activities                            982       1,933       1,483
                                        ------      ------      ------
Cash flows from investing activities:
  Additions to properties                 (945)     (1,127)     (1,108)
  Proceeds from sales of businesses/
   assets                                  276         468         297
  Cash flows related to sales of
   businesses                                1         (46)        (59)
  Acquisitions, net of cash acquired      (130)         (3)       (949)
  Marketable securities - sales             84         127         162
  Marketable securities - purchases        (69)       (104)       (182)
                                        ------      ------      ------
    Net cash used in investing
     activities                           (783)       (685)     (1,839)
                                        ------      ------      ------
Cash flows from financing activities:
  Net increase (decrease) in
   borrowings with original maturities
   of 90 days or less                      939        (136)        894
  Proceeds from other borrowings         1,310       1,343       1,133
  Repayment of other borrowings           (936)     (1,118)     (1,251)
  Dividends to shareholders               (545)       (563)       (569)
  Exercise of employee stock options        43          44         128
  Stock repurchase programs             (1,125)       (897)       (258)
                                        ------      ------      ------
    Net cash (used in) provided by
     financing activities                 (314)     (1,327)         77
                                        ------      ------      ------
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash    (12)         (5)          8
                                        ------      ------      ------

Net decrease in cash and
 cash equivalents                         (127)        (84)       (271)
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning
 of year                                   373         457         728
                                        ------      ------      ------
Cash and cash equivalents, end of year  $  246      $  373      $  457
                                        ======      ======      ======
</TABLE>
                                                                 <PAGE> 37

Eastman Kodak Company and Subsidiary Companies
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (Continued)

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION

(in millions)

Cash paid for interest and income taxes was:

                                       2000        1999        1998

Interest, net of portion capitalized
  of $40, $36 and $41                  $166        $120        $ 90
Income taxes                            486         445         498


The following transactions are not reflected in the Consolidated Statement
of Cash Flows:

                                       2000        1999        1998

Contribution of assets to Kodak
 Polychrome Graphics joint venture     $  -        $ 13        $  -
Minimum pension liability adjustment     (1)        (14)          4
Liabilities assumed in acquisitions      31           -         473


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

                                                                 <PAGE> 38

Eastman Kodak Company and Subsidiary Companies
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 1:  SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

COMPANY OPERATIONS

Eastman Kodak Company (the Company or Kodak) is engaged primarily in
developing, manufacturing, and marketing consumer, professional, health
and other imaging products and services.  The Company's products are
manufactured in a number of countries in North and South America, Europe,
Australia and Asia.  The Company's products are marketed and sold in many
countries throughout the world.

BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Eastman
Kodak Company and its majority owned subsidiary companies.  Intercompany
transactions are eliminated and net earnings are reduced by the portion of
the earnings of subsidiaries applicable to minority interests.  The equity
method of accounting is used for investments in associated companies over
which Kodak does not have effective control.

USE OF ESTIMATES

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at year end and the
reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.
Actual results could differ from those estimates.

FOREIGN CURRENCY

For most subsidiaries and branches outside the U.S., the local currency is
the functional currency and translation adjustments are accumulated in a
separate component of shareholders' equity.  Translation adjustments are
not tax-effected since they relate to investments which are permanent in
nature.

For subsidiaries and branches that operate in U.S. dollars or whose
economic environment is highly inflationary, the U.S. dollar is the
functional currency.

The effects of foreign currency transactions, including related hedging
activities, were losses of $13 million, $2 million, and $20 million in the
years 2000, 1999, and 1998, respectively.
                                                                 <PAGE> 39

CASH EQUIVALENTS

All highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or
less at date of purchase are considered to be cash equivalents.

MARKETABLE SECURITIES AND NONCURRENT INVESTMENTS

At December 31, 2000, investments of $5 million, which were included in
marketable securities, were considered held to maturity.  Long-term
marketable securities and other investments of $44 million, which were
included in other noncurrent assets, were considered available for sale.

At December 31, 1999, investments of $10 million, which were included in
marketable securities, were considered held to maturity.  Investments of
$10 million included in marketable securities, and $117 million of long-
term marketable securities and other investments which were included in
other noncurrent assets, were considered available for sale.

INVENTORIES

Inventories are valued at cost, which is not in excess of market.  The
cost of most inventories in the U.S. is determined by the "last-in, first-
out" (LIFO) method.  The cost of other inventories is determined by the
"first-in, first-out" (FIFO) or average cost method, which approximates
current cost.  The Company provides inventory reserves for excess,
obsolete or slow-moving inventory based on changes in customer demand,
technology developments or other economic factors.

PROPERTIES

Properties are recorded at cost net of accumulated depreciation.
Depreciation expense is provided based on historical cost and estimated
useful lives ranging from approximately three years to fifty years for
buildings and building equipment and three years to twenty years for
machinery and equipment. The Company generally uses the straight-line
method for calculating the provision for depreciation.

GOODWILL

Goodwill is charged to earnings on a straight-line basis over the period
estimated to be benefited, generally ten years.  The Company regularly
assesses all of its long-lived assets for impairment when events or
circumstances indicate their carrying amounts may not be recoverable, in
accordance with SFAS No. 121, "Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived
Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to Be Disposed Of."  This is accomplished
by comparing the estimated undiscounted future cash flows of the asset
grouping with the respective carrying amount as of the date of assessment.
Should aggregate future cash flows be less than the carrying value, a
write-down would be required, measured as the difference between the
carrying value and the discounted future cash flows.
                                                                 <PAGE> 40

REVENUE

The Company recognizes revenue when it is realized or realizable and
earned.  The Company considers revenue realized or realizable and earned
when it has persuasive evidence of an arrangement, the products or the
services have been provided to the customer, the sales price is fixed or
determinable, and collectibility is reasonably assured.

In December 1999, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) issued
Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) No. 101 "Revenue Recognition in Financial
Statements."  This guidance summarizes the SEC staff's views in applying
generally accepted accounting principles to revenue recognition in
financial statements.  This staff bulletin had no significant impact on
the Company's revenue recognition policy or results of operations.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT COSTS

Product development costs are charged to operations during the period
incurred.

ADVERTISING

Advertising costs are expensed as incurred and included in selling,
general and administrative expenses.  Advertising expenses amounted to
$701 million, $717 million and $756 million in 2000, 1999 and 1998,
respectively.

SHIPPING AND HANDLING COSTS

Shipping and handling costs of $253 million, $252 million, and $269
million in 2000, 1999, and 1998, respectively, are included in selling,
general and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statement of
Earnings.

ENVIRONMENTAL COSTS

Environmental expenditures that relate to current operations are expensed
or capitalized, as appropriate, in accordance with the American Institute
of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) Statement of Position (SOP) 96-1,
"Environmental Remediation Liabilities."  Remediation costs that relate to
an existing condition caused by past operations are accrued when it is
probable that these costs will be incurred and can be reasonably
estimated.

INCOME TAXES

Income tax expense is based on reported earnings before income taxes.
Deferred income taxes reflect the impact of temporary differences between
the amounts of assets and liabilities recognized for financial reporting
purposes and such amounts recognized for tax purposes.

                                                                 <PAGE> 41

EARNINGS PER SHARE

Earnings per share is presented in accordance with the provisions of SFAS
No. 128, "Earnings Per Share."  Basic earnings-per-share computations are
based on the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding
during the year.  Diluted earnings-per-share calculations reflect the
assumed exercise and conversion of employee stock options.

STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION

The Company applies Accounting Principles Board (APB) Opinion No. 25,
"Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees," which requires compensation
costs to be recognized based on the difference, if any, between the quoted
market price of the stock on the grant date and the exercise price.

In March 2000, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation (FIN) No. 44
"Accounting for Certain Transactions Involving Stock Compensation," which
clarifies the application of APB No. 25 for certain issues.  The
interpretation was effective July 1, 2000, except for the provisions that
relate to modifications that directly or indirectly reduce the exercise
price of an award and the definition of an employee, which are effective
after December 15, 1998.  The adoption of FIN No. 44 had no significant
impact on the Company's financial statements.

SEGMENT REPORTING

The Company reports segment information in accordance with SFAS No. 131,
"Disclosures about Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information."
The Company has four operating segments.  The basis for determining the
Company's operating segments is the manner in which financial information
is used by the Company in its operations.  Management operates and
organizes itself according to business units which comprise unique
products and services across geographic locations.

RECLASSIFICATIONS

Certain reclassifications of prior financial information and related
footnote amounts have been made to conform with the 2000 presentation.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                 <PAGE> 42

NOTE 2:  RECEIVABLES
(in millions)
                                              2000         1999

Trade receivables                           $2,245       $2,140
Miscellaneous receivables                      408          397
                                            ------       ------
 Total (net of allowances of $89 and $136)  $2,653       $2,537
                                            ======       ======

The Company sells to customers in a variety of industries, markets and
geographies around the world.  Receivables arising from these sales are
generally not collateralized.  Adequate provisions have been recorded for
uncollectible receivables.  There are no significant concentrations of
credit risk.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 3:  INVENTORIES
(in millions)                                 2000         1999

  At FIFO or average cost (approximates
   current cost)
         Finished goods                     $1,155       $1,026
         Work in process                       423          487
         Raw materials and supplies            589          471
                                            ------       ------
                                             2,167        1,984
         LIFO reserve                         (449)        (465)
                                            ------       ------
           Total                            $1,718       $1,519
                                            ======       ======

Inventories valued on the LIFO method are approximately 47% and 48% of
total inventories in 2000 and 1999, respectively.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 4:  PROPERTIES
(in millions)                                 2000         1999

  Land                                     $   141      $   166
  Buildings and building equipment           2,285        2,579
  Machinery and equipment                    9,585        9,669
  Construction in progress                     952          875
                                           -------      -------
                                            12,963       13,289
  Accumulated depreciation                  (7,044)      (7,342)
                                           -------      -------
    Net properties                         $ 5,919      $ 5,947
                                           =======      =======
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                 <PAGE> 43

NOTE 5:  PAYABLES AND SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS
(in millions)                                 2000         1999

Trade creditors                             $  817       $  940
Accrued advertising and promotional
 expenses                                      578          548
Employment-related liabilities                 780          912
Restructuring programs                           -          362
Other                                        1,100        1,070
                                            ------       ------
    Total payables                          $3,275       $3,832
                                            ======       ======

Short-term bank borrowings totaled $2,206 million at year-end 2000 and
$1,163 million at year-end 1999.  Borrowings included $1,809 million and
$894 million of commercial paper at year-end 2000 and 1999, respectively.
The weighted-average interest rate of borrowings outstanding at year end
was 6.4% in 2000 and 5.8% in 1999.

The Company has a $3.5 billion unused revolving credit facility
established in 1996 and expiring in November 2001 which is available to
support the Company's commercial paper program and for general corporate
purposes.  If unused, it has a commitment fee of $1.9 million per year, at
the Company's current credit rating.  Interest on amounts borrowed under
this facility is calculated at rates based on spreads above certain
reference rates.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 6:  LONG-TERM BORROWINGS
(in millions)

Description and Interest    Maturity Dates
Rates of 2000 Borrowings    of 2000 Borrowings    2000     1999

Notes:
 5.85% - 8.25%              2001 - 2005         $  473     $272
 9.20% - 9.95%              2003 - 2021            191      191

Debentures:
 1.98% - 3.16%              2002 - 2004             61      122

Other:
 2.00% - 17.00%             2001 - 2010            591      353
                                                ------     ----
                                                 1,316      938
Current maturities                                (150)      (2)
                                                ------     ----
    Total                                       $1,166     $936
                                                ======     ====

Annual maturities (in millions) of long-term borrowings outstanding at
December 31, 2000 are as follows: 2001: $150; 2002: $73; 2003: $419; 2004:
$366; 2005: $260; and 2006 and beyond: $48.

The Company has a shelf registration statement for debt securities with an
available balance of $1.9 billion.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                 <PAGE> 44

NOTE 7:  OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES
(in millions)                                   2000        1999

Deferred compensation                         $  146      $  160
Minority interest in Kodak companies              93          98
Other                                            493         660
                                              ------      ------
    Total                                     $  732      $  918
                                              ======      ======

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 8:  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

Environmental

Expenditures for pollution prevention and waste treatment for the
Company's current manufacturing facilities were as follows:
                                      2000      1999        1998
(in millions)

Recurring costs for managing
 hazardous substances and
 pollution prevention                 $ 72      $ 69        $ 75
Capital expenditures to limit or
 monitor hazardous substances and
 pollutants                             36        20          25
Site remediation costs                   3         5           4
                                      ----      ----        ----
    Total                             $111      $ 94        $104
                                      ====      ====        ====

At December 31, 2000 and 1999, the Company's undiscounted accrued
liabilities for environmental remediation costs amounted to $113 million
and $124 million, respectively.

The Company anticipates the above expenditures to increase in the future.
However, it is not expected that these costs will have an impact which is
materially different from 2000's environmental expenditures on financial
position, results of operations, cash flows or competitive position.

A Consent Decree was signed in 1994 in settlement of a civil complaint
brought by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and the U.S.
Department of Justice under which the Company is subject to a Compliance
Schedule by which the Company improved its waste characterization
procedures, upgraded one of its incinerators, and is evaluating and
upgrading its industrial sewer system.  The total expenditures required to
complete this program are currently estimated to be approximately $33
million over the next eight years.  These expenditures are primarily
capital in nature.
                                                                 <PAGE> 45

The Company is presently designated as a potentially responsible party
(PRP) under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and
Liability Act of 1980, as amended (the Superfund law), or under similar
state laws, for environmental assessment and cleanup costs as the result
of the Company's alleged arrangements for disposal of hazardous substances
at approximately four active Superfund sites.  With respect to each of
these sites, the Company's actual or potential allocated share of
responsibility is small.  Furthermore, numerous other PRPs have also been
designated at these sites and, although the law imposes joint and several
liability on PRPs, as a practical matter, costs are shared with other
PRPs.  Settlements and costs paid by the Company in Superfund matters to
date have not been material.  Future costs are also not expected to be
material to the Company's financial position or results of operations.

In addition to the foregoing environmental actions, the Company is
currently implementing a Corrective Action Program required by the
Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA) at the Kodak Park site in
Rochester, NY.  As part of this Program, the Company has completed the
RCRA Facility Assessment (RFA), a broad-based environmental investigation
of the site.  The Company is currently in the process of completing, and
in some cases has completed, RCRA Facility Investigations (RFIs) and
Corrective Measures Studies (CMS) for areas at the site.  Estimated future
remediation costs are accrued by the Company and are included in
remediation accruals recorded at December 31, 2000.

The Clean Air Act Amendments were enacted in 1990.  Expenditures to comply
with the Clean Air Act implementing regulations issued to date have not
been material and have been primarily capital in nature.  In addition,
future expenditures for existing regulations, which are primarily capital
in nature, are not expected to be material.  Many of the regulations to be
promulgated pursuant to this Act have not been issued.

The Company has retained certain obligations for environmental remediation
and Superfund matters related to the non-imaging health businesses sold in
1994.  Actions to fulfill these remedial obligations are not expected to
be completed in the near term and costs related to the obligations are
included in accruals recorded at December 31, 2000 and 1999.  Also
included in these accruals are responsibilities for the liabilities
associated with the non-imaging health businesses as a PRP in
approximately four active Superfund sites.

Other Commitments and Contingencies

The Company has entered into agreements with several companies which
provide Kodak with products and services to be used in its normal
operations.  The minimum payments for these agreements are approximately
$198 million in 2001, $148 million in 2002, $128 million in 2003, $113
million in 2004, $79 million in 2005, and $201 million in 2006 and
thereafter.

The Company has also guaranteed debt and other obligations under
agreements with certain affiliated companies and customers.  At December
31, 2000, these guarantees totaled approximately $250 million.  The
Company does not expect that these guarantees will have a material impact
on the Company's future financial position or results of operations.
                                                                 <PAGE> 46

At December 31, 2000, the Company had outstanding letters of credit
totaling $54 million to ensure the completion of environmental
remediations and payment of possible casualty and Workers' Compensation
claims.

Rental expense, net of minor sublease income, amounted to $155 million in
2000, $142 million in 1999 and $149 million in 1998.  The approximate
amounts of noncancelable lease commitments with terms of more than one
year, principally for the rental of real property, reduced by minor
sublease income, are $104 million in 2001, $78 million in 2002, $65
million in 2003, $33 million in 2004, $24 million in 2005, and $47 million
in 2006 and thereafter.

The Company and its subsidiary companies are involved in lawsuits, claims,
investigations and proceedings, including product liability, commercial,
environmental, and health and safety matters, which are being handled and
defended in the ordinary course of business.  There are no such matters
pending that the Company and its General Counsel expect to be material in
relation to the Company's business, financial position or results of
operations.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 9:  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

The following table presents the carrying amounts and the estimated fair
values of financial instruments at December 31, 2000 and 1999; ( ) denotes
liabilities:

                                  2000                    1999
(in millions)
                          Carrying      Fair      Carrying      Fair
                           Amount       Value      Amount       Value

Marketable securities:
  Current                 $     5       $   5     $  20         $  20
  Long-term                    48          53        93            93
Other investments               2           2        24            35
Long-term borrowings       (1,166)     (1,184)     (936)         (948)
Foreign currency forwards     (44)        (44)       (6)           (4)
Silver forwards               (17)        (17)        -             3

Marketable securities and other investments are valued at quoted market
prices.  The fair values of long-term borrowings were determined by
reference to quoted market prices or by obtaining quotes from dealers.
The fair values for the remaining financial instruments in the above table
are based on dealer quotes and reflect the estimated amounts the Company
would pay or receive to terminate the contracts.  The carrying values of
cash and cash equivalents, receivables, short-term borrowings and payables
approximate their fair values.

The Company, as a result of its global operating and financing activities,
is exposed to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, commodity
prices, and interest rates which may adversely affect its results of
operations and financial position.  The Company manages such exposures, in
part, with derivative financial instruments.
                                                                 <PAGE> 47

Foreign currency forward contracts are used to hedge existing foreign
currency denominated assets and liabilities, especially those of the
Company's International Treasury Center, as well as forcasted foreign
currency denominated intercompany sales.  Silver forward contracts are
used to mitigate the Company's risk to fluctuating silver prices.  The
Company's exposure to changes in interest rates results from its investing
and borrowing activities used to meet its liquidity needs.  Long-term debt
is generally used to finance long-term investments, while short-term debt
is used to meet working capital requirements.  Derivative instruments are
not presently used to adjust the Company's interest rate risk profile.
The Company does not utilize financial instruments for trading or other
speculative purposes.

The Company's financial instrument counterparties are high-quality
investment or commercial banks with significant experience with such
instruments.  The Company manages exposure to counterparty credit risk by
requiring specific minimum credit standards and diversification of
counterparties.  The Company has procedures to monitor the credit exposure
amounts.  The maximum credit exposure at December 31, 2000 was not
significant to the Company.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                 <PAGE> 48

NOTE 10:  INCOME TAXES

The components of earnings before income taxes and the related provision
for U.S. and other income taxes were as follows:

(in millions)                           2000         1999         1998

Earnings before income
 taxes
  U.S.                                $1,294       $1,398       $1,578
  Outside the U.S.                       838          711          528
                                      ------       ------       ------
    Total                             $2,132       $2,109       $2,106
                                      ======       ======       ======
U.S. income taxes
  Current provision                   $  145       $  185       $  351
  Deferred provision                     225          215          136
Income taxes outside the U.S.
  Current provision                      268          225          113
  Deferred provision                      37           23           61
State and other income taxes
  Current provision                       35           60           50
  Deferred provision                      15            9            5
                                      ------       ------       ------
    Total                             $  725       $  717       $  716
                                      ======       ======       ======

The differences between the provision for income taxes and income taxes
computed using the U.S. federal income tax rate were as follows:

(in millions)                           2000         1999         1998

Amount computed using the statutory
 rate                                   $746         $738         $737
Increase (reduction) in taxes
 resulting from:
    State and other income taxes          33           45           38
    Goodwill amortization                 40           36           28
    Export sales and manufacturing
     credits                             (48)         (45)         (39)
    Operations outside the U.S.          (79)         (36)         (15)
    Other, net                            33          (21)         (33)
                                        ----         ----         ----
        Provision for income taxes      $725         $717         $716
                                        ====         ====         ====
                                                                 <PAGE> 49

The significant components of deferred tax assets and liabilities were as
follows:

(in millions)                           2000         1999

Deferred tax assets
    Postemployment obligations        $  916       $  992
    Restructuring programs                 -           74
    Inventories                          139          153
    Tax loss carryforwards               103           94
    Other                                884          905
                                      ------       ------
                                       2,042        2,218
    Valuation allowance                 (103)         (94)
                                      ------       ------
        Total                         $1,939       $2,124
                                      ======       ======
Deferred tax liabilities
    Depreciation                      $  555       $  527
    Leasing                              225          260
    Other                                591          534
                                      ------       ------
        Total                         $1,371       $1,321
                                      ======       ======

The valuation allowance is primarily attributable to certain net operating
loss carryforwards outside the U.S.  A majority of the net operating loss
carryforwards are subject to a five-year expiration period.

Retained earnings of subsidiary companies outside the U.S. were
approximately $1,574 million and $1,439 million at December 31, 2000 and
1999, respectively.  Retained earnings at December 31, 2000 are considered
to be reinvested indefinitely.  If remitted, they would be substantially
free of additional tax.  It is not practicable to determine the deferred
tax liability for temporary differences related to these retained
earnings.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                 <PAGE> 50

NOTE 11:  RESTRUCTURING PROGRAMS AND COST REDUCTIONS

During the third quarter of 1999, the Company recorded a pre-tax
restructuring charge of $350 million relating to worldwide manufacturing
and photofinishing consolidation and reductions in selling, general and
administrative positions worldwide.  The Company recorded $236 million of
the $350 million provision as cost of goods sold, primarily for employee
severance costs, asset write-downs, and shutdown costs related to these
actions.  The remaining $114 million was recorded as SG&A for employee
severance payments.

In the second quarter of 2000, the Company reversed approximately $44
million of severance related costs originally recorded as part of this
program.  The reversal was the result of two factors which occurred during
the second quarter.  First, certain manufacturing operations originally
planned to be outsourced will now be retained, as cost beneficial
arrangements for the Company could not be reached.  Second, severance
actions in Japan and Europe were completed at a cost less than originally
estimated.  Consequently, approximately 500 (450 manufacturing and 50
administrative) fewer employees were separated.  Of the $44 million
reversal, approximately $25 million was recorded in cost of goods sold and
approximately $19 million was recorded as part of SG&A, consistent with
where the original charges were recorded.  Aside from the actions
described above, all other projects included in this program were
effectively completed by December 31, 2000.  A total of 2,900  employees
were terminated under this program.

In addition to the charges discussed above, the Company incurred pre-tax
charges of approximately $50 million during 2000 for the accelerated
depreciation of certain assets which remained in use until the Company
sold its Elmgrove manufacturing facility in the second quarter, and
related relocation costs.  The sale of this facility did not result in a
material gain or loss to the Company.

Also during 2000, the Company completed all planned actions related to a
restructuring program which began in 1997.   The actual cost to complete
the 1997 program was in line with the Company's expectations.
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                 <PAGE> 51
NOTE 12:  RETIREMENT PLANS

Substantially all U.S. employees are covered by a noncontributory plan,
the Kodak Retirement Income Plan (KRIP), which is funded by Company
contributions to an irrevocable trust fund.  The funding policy for KRIP
is to contribute amounts sufficient to meet minimum funding requirements
as determined by employee benefit and tax laws plus additional amounts the
Company determines to be appropriate.  Generally, benefits are based on a
formula recognizing length of service and final average earnings.  Assets
in the fund are held for the sole benefit of participating employees and
retirees.  The assets of the trust fund are comprised of corporate equity
and debt securities, U.S. government securities, partnership and joint
venture investments, interests in pooled funds, and various types of
interest rate, foreign currency and equity market financial instruments.
Kodak common stock represents approximately 4.0% of trust assets.

On March 25, 1999, the Company amended this plan to include a separate
cash balance formula for all U.S. employees hired after February 1999.
All U.S. employees hired prior to that date were granted the option to
choose the KRIP plan or the Cash Balance Plus plan.  Written elections
were made by employees in 1999, and were effective January 1, 2000.  The
Cash Balance Plus plan credits employees' accounts with an amount equal to
4% of their pay, plus interest based on the 30-year treasury bond rate.
In addition, for employees participating in this plan and the Company's
defined contribution plan, the Savings and Investment Plan (SIP), the
Company will match SIP contributions for an amount up to 3% of pay, for
employee contributions of up to 5% of pay.  As a result of employee
elections to the Cash Balance Plus plan, the reductions in future pension
expense will be almost entirely offset by the cost of matching employee
contributions to SIP. The impact of the Cash Balance Plus plan is shown as
a plan amendment.

Most subsidiaries and branches operating outside the U.S. have retirement
plans covering substantially all employees.  Contributions by the Company
for these plans are typically deposited under government or other
fiduciary-type arrangements.  Retirement benefits are generally based on
contractual agreements that provide for benefit formulas using years of
service and/or compensation prior to retirement.  The actuarial
assumptions used for these plans reflect the diverse economic environments
within the various countries in which the Company operates.

                                                                 <PAGE> 52

Changes in the Company's benefit obligation, plan assets and funded status
for major plans are as follows:

(in millions)                            2000                   1999
                                              Non-                   Non-
                                     U.S.     U.S.         U.S.      U.S.
Change in Benefit Obligation

  Projected benefit obligation
   at January 1                   $ 5,798   $1,905      $ 6,523   $1,998
  Service cost                         89       33          107       33
  Interest cost                       408      107          426      111
  Participant contributions             -       11            -       12
  Plan amendment                      (67)      (3)           -        -
  Benefit payments                   (578)    (104)        (876)    (118)
  Actuarial gain                     (115)     (33)        (370)     (69)
  Settlements                           -      (12)           -        -
  Curtailments                         (5)       -          (12)     (16)
  Currency adjustments                  -     (143)           -      (46)
                                  -------   ------      -------   ------
  Projected benefit obligation
   at December 31                 $ 5,530   $1,761      $ 5,798   $1,905
                                  =======   ======      =======   ======

Change in Plan Assets

  Fair value of plan assets
   at January 1                   $ 7,340   $1,917      $ 6,543   $1,824
  Actual return on plan assets        528      176        1,673      217
  Employer contributions                -       35            -       33
  Participant contributions             -       11            -       12
  Benefit payments                   (578)    (104)        (876)    (112)
  Settlements                           -      (12)           -        -
  Currency adjustments                  -     (143)           -      (49)
  Other                                 -        -            -       (8)
                                  -------   ------      -------   ------
  Fair value of plan assets
   at December 31                 $ 7,290   $1,880      $ 7,340   $1,917
                                  =======   ======      =======   ======


Funded Status at December 31      $ 1,760   $  118      $ 1,542   $   12

  Unamortized:
    Transition asset                 (115)     (32)        (174)     (45)
    Net (gain) loss                (1,323)      21       (1,251)      94
    Prior service cost                  3       12           72       23
                                  -------   ------      -------   ------
  Net amount recognized at
   December 31                    $   325   $  119      $   189   $   84
                                  =======   ======      =======   ======


Amounts recognized in the Statement of Financial Position for major plans
are as follows:

(in millions)                            2000                   1999
                                              Non-                   Non-
                                     U.S.     U.S.         U.S.      U.S.

Prepaid pension cost              $   325   $  139      $   189   $  111
Accrued benefit liability               -      (20)           -      (27)
                                  -------   ------      -------   ------
Net amount recognized at
 December 31                      $   325   $  119      $   189   $   84
                                  =======   ======      =======   ======
                                                                 <PAGE> 53

Pension expense (income) for all plans included:

(in millions)                   2000            1999             1998
                                     Non-            Non-             Non-
                             U.S.    U.S.    U.S.    U.S.     U.S.    U.S.

  Service cost              $  89   $  33   $ 107   $  34    $ 122   $  33
  Interest cost               408     107     426     111      444     118
  Expected return on plan
   assets                    (572)   (147)   (537)   (137)    (551)   (137)
  Amortization of:
   Transition asset           (59)    (10)    (59)    (10)     (60)     (9)
   Prior service cost           1       8      10       8       12       8
   Actuarial loss               -       3       2      10       11       5
                            -----   -----   -----   -----    -----   -----
                             (133)     (6)    (51)     16      (22)     18
Curtailments                   (3)      -      (1)      -        7       1
Settlements                     -       1       -       -        -       1
                            -----   -----   -----   -----    -----   -----
Net pension (income) expense (136)     (5)    (52)     16      (15)     20
Other plans including
  unfunded plans               41      69      33      51       36      46
                            -----   -----   -----   -----    -----   -----
Total net pension (income)
  expense                   $ (95)  $  64   $ (19)  $  67    $  21   $  66
                            =====   =====   =====   =====    =====   =====

The Company recorded a $3 million curtailment gain in 2000 and a $9
million curtailment loss in 1999 as a result of the reduction in employees
from the 1997 restructuring program.  Additionally, the Company recorded a
$10 million curtailment gain in 1999 as a result of the sale of the Office
Imaging business, which was included in the gain on the sale.

The weighted assumptions used to compute pension amounts for major plans
were as follows:

                                        2000                1999
                                              Non-                Non-
                                    U.S.      U.S.      U.S.      U.S.

Discount rate                       7.5%      6.1%      7.5%      6.1%
Salary increase rate                4.3%      3.1%      4.3%      3.2%
Long-term rate of return on
 plan assets                        9.5%      8.7%      9.5%      8.7%

The Company also sponsors an unfunded plan for certain U.S. employees,
primarily executives.  The benefits of this plan are obtained by applying
KRIP provisions to all compensation, including amounts being deferred, and
without regard to the legislated qualified plan maximums, reduced by
benefits under KRIP.  At December 31, 2000 and 1999, the projected benefit
obligations of this plan amounted to $187 million and $192 million,
respectively.  The Company had recorded long-term liabilities at those
dates of $171 million and $174 million, respectively.  Pension expense
recorded in 2000, 1999 and 1998 related to this plan was $34 million, $21
million and $26 million, respectively.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                 <PAGE> 54

NOTE 13:  NONPENSION POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS

The Company provides healthcare, dental and life insurance benefits to
U.S. eligible retirees and eligible survivors of retirees.  In general,
these benefits are provided to U.S. retirees that are covered by the
Company's KRIP plan.  These benefits are funded from the general assets of
the Company as they are incurred.  Certain non-U.S. subsidiaries offer
healthcare benefits; however, the cost of such benefits is insignificant
to the Company.

Changes in the Company's benefit obligation and funded status are as
follows:

(in millions)                             2000      1999

Net benefit obligation at beginning
 of year                               $ 2,307   $ 2,280
  Service cost                              12        13
  Interest cost                            169       152
  Plan participants' contributions           3         3
  Plan amendments                           62       (33)
  Actuarial loss                           229        70
  Curtailments                               1       (13)
  Benefit payments                        (181)     (165)
                                       -------   -------
Net benefit obligation at end of year  $ 2,602   $ 2,307
                                       =======   =======


Funded status at end of year           $(2,602)  $(2,307)
Unamortized net loss                       700       491
Unamortized plan amendments               (510)     (646)
                                       -------   -------
Net amount recognized and recorded
 at end of year                        $(2,412)  $(2,462)
                                       =======   =======


The weighted-average assumptions used to compute postretirement benefit
amounts were as follows:

                                          2000      1999

Discount rate                              7.5%      7.5%
Salary increase rate                       4.3%      4.3%
Healthcare cost trend (a)                  8.0%      8.5%

(a) decreasing to 5.0% by 2007

(in millions)                             2000      1999      1998

Components of net postretirement
 benefit cost
  Service cost                          $   12    $   13    $   19
  Interest cost                            169       152       161
  Amortization of:
    Prior service cost                     (67)      (68)      (70)
    Actuarial loss                          18         8        16
                                        ------    ------    ------
                                           132       105       126

  Curtailments                              (6)      (90)     (103)
                                        ------    ------    ------
Total net postretirement benefit cost   $  126    $   15    $   23
                                        ======    ======    ======
                                                                 <PAGE> 55

The Company recorded a $6 million and $71 million gain in 2000 and 1999,
respectively, as a result of the reduction in employees in those years
from the 1997 restructuring program.  Additionally, the Company recorded a
$15 million curtailment gain in 1999 as a result of the sale of the Office
Imaging business, which was included in the gain on the sale, and a $4
million curtailment gain as part of the investment in the joint venture
with NexPress.

The Company will no longer fund healthcare and dental benefits for
employees who elected to participate in the Company's Cash Balance Plus
plan, effective January 1, 2000.  This change is not expected to have a
material impact on the Company's future postretirement benefit cost.

Assumed healthcare cost trend rates have a significant effect on the
amounts reported for the healthcare plans.  A one percentage point change
in assumed healthcare cost trend rates would have the following effects:

                                             1%          1%
                                          increase    decrease
Effect on total service and interest
  cost components                          $ 6         $  (4)
Effect on postretirement benefit
  obligation                                83           (52)

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                 <PAGE> 56

NOTE 14:  STOCK OPTION AND COMPENSATION PLANS

The Company's stock incentive plans consist of the 2000 Omnibus Long-Term
Compensation Plan (the 2000 Plan), the 1995 Omnibus Long-Term Compensation
Plan (the 1995 Plan), and the 1990 Omnibus Long-Term Compensation Plan
(the 1990 Plan).  The Plans are administered by the Executive Compensation
and Development Committee of the Board of Directors.

Under the 2000 Plan, 22 million shares of the Company's common stock may
be granted to a variety of employees between January 1, 2000 and December
31, 2004.  The 2000 Plan is substantially similar to, and is intended to
replace, the 1995 Plan, which expired on December 31, 1999.

Under the 1995 Plan, 22 million shares of the Company's common stock were
eligible for grant to a variety of employees between February 1, 1995 and
December 31, 1999.  Option prices are not less than 100% of the per-share
fair market value on the date of grant, and the options generally expire
ten years from the date of grant, but may expire sooner if the optionee's
employment terminates.  The 1995 Plan also provides for Stock Appreciation
Rights (SARs) to be granted, either in tandem with options or
freestanding.  SARs allow optionees to receive payment equal to the
difference between the Company's stock market price on grant date and
exercise date.  At December 31, 2000, 229,215 freestanding SARs were
outstanding at option prices ranging from $56.31 to $71.81.

Under the 1990 Plan, 22 million shares of the Company's common stock were
eligible for grant to key employees between February 1, 1990 and January
31, 1995.  Option prices could not be less than 50% of the per-share fair
market value on the date of grant; however, no options below fair market
value were granted.  The options generally expire ten years from the date
of grant, but may expire sooner if the optionee's employment terminates.
The 1990 Plan also provided that options with dividend equivalents, tandem
SARs and freestanding SARs could be granted.  At December 31, 2000,
106,754 freestanding SARs were outstanding at option prices ranging from
$32.50 to $44.50.

In April 1998, the Company made a grant of 100 stock options for common
stock to most employees of the Company at that date (8,468,100 shares
under options).  The options were granted at fair market value on the date
of grant and expire ten years from the grant date.  The options have a two-
year vesting period.  The Executive Compensation and Development Committee
of the Board of Directors approved the grant.  A second grant of 100 stock
options for common stock was made on March 13, 2000 to most employees of
the Company at that date (7,004,400 shares under options).  The options
were granted at fair market value on the date of grant and expire ten
years from the grant date.  The options have a two-year vesting period.
                                                                 <PAGE> 57

Further information relating to options is as follows:
(Amounts in thousands, except per share amounts)

                                              Shares       Range of Price
                                           Under Option      Per Share

Outstanding on December 31, 1997              24,204       $30.25 - $92.31
   Granted                                    14,546       $59.00 - $87.59
   Exercised                                   3,208       $30.25 - $82.00
   Terminated, Canceled or Surrendered         1,211       $31.45 - $83.38
                                              ------
Outstanding on December 31, 1998              34,331       $30.25 - $92.31
   Granted                                     4,276       $60.13 - $79.63
   Exercised                                   1,101       $30.25 - $74.31
   Terminated, Canceled or Surrendered           473       $31.45 - $92.31
                                              ------
Outstanding on December 31, 1999              37,033       $30.25 - $92.31
   Granted                                    12,533       $37.25 - $69.53
   Exercised                                   1,326       $30.25 - $58.63
   Terminated, Canceled or Surrendered         3,394       $31.45 - $90.50
                                              ------
Outstanding on December 31, 2000              44,846       $32.50 - $92.31
Exercisable on December 31, 2000              28,783       $32.50 - $92.31

Pro forma net earnings and earnings per share information, as required by
SFAS No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation," has been
determined as if the Company had accounted for employee stock options
under SFAS No. 123's fair value method.  The fair value of options was
estimated at grant date using a Black-Scholes option pricing model with
the following weighted-average assumptions:

                                           2000          1999         1998

Risk free interest rates                    6.2%          5.1%         5.6%
Expected option lives                    7 years       7 years      7 years
Expected volatilities                        29%           28%          27%
Expected dividend yields                   3.19%         2.76%        2.71%

The weighted-average fair value of options granted was $16.79, $18.77 and
$19.94 for 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively.

For purposes of pro forma disclosures, the estimated fair value of the
options is amortized to expense over the options' vesting period (2-3
years).  The Company's pro forma information follows:

                                                 Year Ended December 31,
(in millions, except per share data)       2000          1999         1998
Net earnings
  As reported                            $1,407        $1,392       $1,390
  Pro forma                               1,346         1,263        1,272
Basic earnings per share
  As reported                            $ 4.62        $ 4.38       $ 4.30
  Pro forma                                4.41          3.97         3.94
Diluted earnings per share
  As reported                            $ 4.59        $ 4.33       $ 4.24
  Pro forma                                4.41          3.96         3.93
                                                                 <PAGE> 58

The following table summarizes information about stock options at December
31, 2000:
(Number of options in thousands)
                       Options Outstanding            Options Exercisable
              ------------------------------------   ---------------------
 Range of                  Weighted-
 Exercise                   Average      Weighted-                Weighted-
  Prices                   Remaining      Average                  Average
 At     Less              Contractual    Exercise                 Exercise
Least   Than   Options       Life          Price       Options      Price

$30  -  $45     6,889         2.73        $40.04        6,348      $40.02
$45  -  $60    13,433         7.94        $54.49        3,230      $54.18
$60  -  $75    21,406         7.07        $67.77       16,738      $68.37
$75  -  $90       996         6.77        $80.43          845      $80.96
Over $90        2,122         6.15        $90.19        1,622      $90.21
               ------                                  ------
               44,846                                  28,783
               ======                                  ======

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 15:  ACQUISITIONS AND JOINT VENTURES

2000

During the second quarter, the Company acquired the remaining ownership
interest in PictureVision, Inc. for cash and assumed liabilities with a
total transaction value of approximately $90 million.  PictureVision, the
leading provider of digital imaging network services and solutions at
retail, now operates as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.  Kodak
has integrated the products and activities of its Picture Network, which
provides consumers with an Internet-based digital imaging network service,
with PictureVision's digital imaging service, PhotoNet.  In relation to
this acquisition, the Company's second quarter results included $10
million in charges for acquired in-process R&D and approximately $15
million for other acquisition-related charges.  Goodwill related to this
acquisition is being amortized over 7 years.

1999

In connection with the sale of the Company's digital printer, copier-
duplicator, and roller assembly operations primarily associated with the
Office Imaging business (See Note 16, Sales of Assets and Divestitures),
the Company and Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG (Heidelberg) also announced
an agreement to expand their joint venture company, NexPress, to include
the black-and-white electrophotographic business.  The Company contributed
R&D resources to NexPress, as well as its toner and developer operations
in Rochester and Kirkby, England.  This transaction did not have a
material effect on the Company's results of operations or financial
position in 1999.  Kodak and Heidelberg established the NexPress joint
venture in September 1997 for the purpose of developing and marketing new
digital color printing solutions for the graphic arts industry.  In
connection with these arrangements, the Company serves as a supplier both
to Heidelberg and NexPress for consumables such as photoconductors and raw
materials for toner/developer manufacturing.
                                                                 <PAGE> 59

1998

On March 12, 1998, the Company acquired 51% of PictureVision Inc.'s stock
for approximately $50 million.  The acquisition was accounted for as a
purchase and, accordingly, the operating results of the business have been
included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements from the
date of acquisition.

In February 1998, the Company contributed $308 million to Kodak (China)
Company Limited (KCCL), a newly formed company operating in China, in
exchange for 80% of the outstanding shares of the company.  On March 25
and September 1, 1998, the new company acquired certain manufacturing
assets of Shantou Era Photo Material Industry Corporation, a Chinese
domestic photographic enterprise, for $159 million in cash and $22 million
in debt payable in 2003.  On March 26, 1998, KCCL acquired certain
manufacturing assets of Xiamen Fuda Photographic Materials Company, Ltd.,
another Chinese domestic photographic enterprise, for $149 million.

In February 1998, the Company contributed $32 million to Kodak (Wuxi)
Company Limited (KWCL), a newly formed company operating in China, in
exchange for 70% of the outstanding shares of the business.  On April 2,
1998, KWCL acquired part of the manufacturing assets of Wuxi Aermei Film
and Chemical Corporation, a Chinese domestic photographic enterprise, for
$11 million in cash and $21 million in debt payable in 1999.

The acquisitions by KCCL and KWCL were accounted for as purchases and,
accordingly, the operating results of the acquired companies have been
included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements from the
dates of acquisition.  Substantial portions of the purchase prices were
allocated to goodwill, which is being amortized over a ten-year period.

On November 30, 1998, Kodak acquired certain assets and assumed certain
liabilities of Imation's medical imaging business, including all of the
outstanding shares of Imation's Cemax-Icon subsidiary, for approximately
$530 million.  At the date of acquisition, the business acquired by Kodak
generated approximately $500 million in annual revenues.  The transaction
was accounted for by the purchase method and, accordingly, the operating
results of the business have been included in the accompanying
consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition.  A
substantial portion of the purchase price was allocated to tangible assets
and goodwill, which is being amortized over a ten-year period.  See
discussion regarding in-process R&D charges below.

                                                                 <PAGE> 60
Purchased In-process Research and Development Charges

In connection with the 2000 PictureVision Inc. acquisition and the 1998
purchase of Imation's medical imaging business, the Company allocated $10
million and $42 million of the purchase price, respectively, to in-process
R&D.

The Company used independent professional appraisal consultants to assess
and allocate values to the in-process R&D.  At the dates of the respective
business combinations, the development of these projects had not yet
reached technological feasibility and the R&D in progress had no
alternative uses.  Accordingly, these costs were expensed as of the
respective acquisition dates.

The valuations were determined by the Company using the income approach.
This methodology involves estimating the contribution of the purchased in-
process technology to developing commercially viable products and
estimating the resulting cash flows from the expected product sales of
such products.  The resulting cash flows were discounted to their present
value using appropriate risk adjusted rates.  Cash flows attributable to
development efforts, including the completion of developments underway,
and future versions of the product that have not yet been undertaken, were
excluded in the valuation of in-process R&D.  A contributory asset charge
was applied for the use of working capital, fixed assets, developed
technology and other intangibles.  There were no material anticipated
changes from historical pricing, margins, and expense trends.

The Company believes that the assumptions used in the forecasts were
reasonable at the time of the respective business combinations.  No
assurance can be given, however, that the underlying assumptions used to
estimate expected project sales, development costs or profitability, or
the events associated with such projects, will transpire as estimated.
For these reasons, actual results may vary from the projected results.

Management plans to continue supporting the viable remaining R&D programs
and believes the Company has a reasonable chance of successfully
completing the remaining R&D programs.  However, there is a risk
associated with the completion of the R&D projects and the Company cannot
be assured that these projects will result in commercial success.

Without successful completion of the remaining R&D efforts on the acquired
in-process technologies, the end result would be to fail to fulfill
product design specifications and in turn fail to meet market
requirements.  As a result, the Company would not realize the future
revenues and profits attributed to the acquired R&D.  Ultimately, the
Company would fail to realize the expected return on such investments.
The failure of any particular individual in-process R&D project would not
materially impact the Company's financial position or results of
operations.  Operating results are subject to uncertain market events and
risks, which are beyond the Company's control, such as trends in
technology, market size and growth, and product introduction or other
actions by competitors.
                                                                 <PAGE> 61

PictureVision

The in-process technology acquired from PictureVision primarily related
to two projects: PhotoNet2 and the PhotoRamp valued at $16 million and $4
million.  These projects resulted in a total in-process R&D charge of $10
million, reflecting the Company's 49% acquisition.

PhotoNet2, or P2, is an enhanced version of PictureVision's original
PhotoNet system which will allow higher capacity and activity levels.
PhotoNet essentially allows photofinishers to scan (digitize) rolls of
film and upload the images to a branded web site that stores the images in
a database for consumer use.  The PhotoRamp is designed to provide
digitization of existing photos as opposed to digitization of film and
will support a variety of film types including 35mm, Advantix, 110, and
120 films.

The PhotoRamp was completed in 2000 and P2 is expected to be completed in
2001.  The remaining costs to complete P2 are not anticipated to be
material.

Imation Medical Imaging

The in-process technology acquired from Imation consists of eight R&D
projects within three broad technology groupings:  Dry, Imagesetting, and
Analog.

Work on all in-process technology projects related to this acquisition was
concluded in 2000.  The Imagesetting projects were discontinued while cash
inflows from the remaining acquired technology commenced in 2000.  These
inflows are expected to peak in 2001 and steadily decline through 2007.

Acquired developed technology of approximately $90 million was capitalized
at acquisition date and is being amortized over seven years on a straight-
line basis.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                 <PAGE> 62

NOTE 16: SALES OF ASSETS AND DIVESTITURES

1999

In April 1999, the Company sold its digital printer, copier-duplicator,
and roller assembly operations primarily associated with its Office
Imaging business, which included its operations in Rochester, NY,
Muehlhausen, Germany and Tijuana, Mexico to Heidelberg for approximately
$80 million.  The transaction did not have a material effect on the
Company's results of operations or financial position.

In November 1999, the Company sold The Image Bank, a wholly-owned
subsidiary which markets and licenses image reproduction rights, to Getty
Images, Inc.  for $183 million in cash.  As a result of this transaction,
the Company recorded a pre-tax gain of $95 million in other income
(charges).

In November 1999, the Company sold its Motion Analysis Systems Division,
which manufactures digital cameras and digital video cameras for the
automotive and industrial markets, to Roper Industries, Inc. for
approximately $50 million in cash.  As a result of this transaction, the
Company recorded a pre-tax gain of $25 million in other income (charges).

1998

In June 1998, the Company sold part of its investment in Gretag Imaging
Group, a Swiss manufacturer of film processing equipment, in connection
with Gretag's initial public offering.  The proceeds from the sale were
$72 million and resulted in a pre-tax gain of $66 million in other income
(charges).

On September 1, 1998, the Company sold all of its shares of Fox Photo,
Inc. to Wolf Camera for an amount approximating the current value of Fox
Photo's net assets.

On October 1, 1998, Elan Corporation, plc purchased from Kodak all the
assets and liabilities of Kodak's subsidiary NanoSystems L.L.C., a drug
delivery company, for approximately $150 million in a combination of $137
million cash and warrants to purchase ordinary shares in Elan.  The
Company recorded a pre-tax gain of $87 million in other income (charges)
on the sale in the fourth quarter of 1998.
                                                                 <PAGE> 63

In the fourth quarter of 1998, financial difficulties on the part of Danka
affected its ability to fulfill the original terms of certain of its
agreements with the Company which were established in connection with the
sale of the Office Imaging business in 1996.  As a result, in December
1998, the Company's supply agreement and certain other agreements with
Danka were terminated and interim arrangements for the supply by the
Company to Danka of copier equipment, parts and supplies were established
on a month-to-month basis.  As a result of significant volume reductions
by Danka, the Company was required to take action in the fourth quarter of
1998 that resulted in charges for employee severance (800 personnel) and
write-downs of working capital and equipment.  Such pre-tax charges
amounted to $132 million and were recorded to cost of goods sold ($68
million) and SG&A expenses ($64 million).  All actions with respect to
this charge, including employee terminations, were completed by the
Company in 1998.
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 17:  SEGMENT INFORMATION

The Consumer Imaging segment derives revenues from photographic film,
paper, chemicals, cameras, photoprocessing equipment, digitization
services, and photoprocessing services sold to consumers.  The Kodak
Professional segment derives revenues from photographic film, paper,
chemicals, and digital cameras sold to professional customers and graphics
film products sold to the KPG joint venture.  The Health Imaging segment
derives revenues from medical film and processing equipment sold to
healthcare organizations.  The Other Imaging segment derives revenues from
motion picture film sold to movie production and distribution companies,
and microfilm equipment and media, printers, scanners, other business
equipment, document imaging software, and consumer digital cameras and
media sold to commercial and government customers.

Transactions between segments, which are immaterial, are made on a basis
intended to reflect the market value of the products, recognizing
prevailing market prices and distributor discounts.  Differences between
the reportable segments' operating results and net assets, and the
Company's consolidated financial statements relate primarily to items held
at the corporate level, and to other items excluded from segment operating
measurements.

Segment financial information is shown below.
                                                                 <PAGE> 64

(in millions)                            2000       1999       1998

Sales:
  Consumer Imaging                    $ 7,406    $ 7,411    $ 7,164
  Kodak Professional                    1,706      1,910      1,840
  Health Imaging                        2,185      2,120      1,526
  Other Imaging                         2,697      2,648      2,876
                                      -------    -------    -------
    Consolidated total                $13,994    $14,089    $13,406
                                      =======    =======    =======


Earnings from operations:
  Consumer Imaging                    $ 1,179    $ 1,299    $ 1,080
  Kodak Professional                      261        374        330
  Health Imaging                          503        470        321
  Other Imaging                           227        197        157
                                      -------    -------    -------
    Total of segments                   2,170      2,340      1,888

  Restructuring (charges) credits          44       (350)         -
                                      -------    -------    -------
    Consolidated total                $ 2,214    $ 1,990    $ 1,888
                                      =======    =======    =======


Net earnings:
  Consumer Imaging                    $   860    $   900    $   785
  Kodak Professional                      111        265        237
  Health Imaging                          346        315        205
  Other Imaging                           161        222        162
                                      -------    -------    -------
    Total of segments                   1,478      1,702      1,389

  Restructuring (charges) credits          44       (350)         -
  Gain on sale of NanoSystems               -          -         87
  Interest expense                       (178)      (142)      (110)
  Other corporate items                    26         22         27
  Income tax effects on above items
   and taxes not allocated to segments     37        160         (3)
                                      -------    -------    -------
    Consolidated total                $ 1,407    $ 1,392    $ 1,390
                                      =======    =======    =======


Operating net assets:
  Consumer Imaging                    $ 5,188    $ 5,005    $ 4,856
  Kodak Professional                    1,531      1,636      1,591
  Health Imaging                        1,482      1,229      1,135
  Other Imaging                         1,343      1,074      1,173
                                      -------    -------    -------
    Total of segments                   9,544      8,944      8,755

  LIFO inventory reserve                 (449)      (465)      (491)
  Cash and marketable securities          251        393        500
  Dividends payable                      (128)      (139)      (142)
  Net deferred income tax
   (liabilities) and assets                (4)       191        457
  Noncurrent other postemployment
    liabilities                        (2,209)    (2,289)    (2,455)
  Other corporate net assets             (205)      (624)      (614)
                                      -------    -------    -------
    Consolidated net assets (1)       $ 6,800    $ 6,011    $ 6,010
                                      =======    =======    =======

                                                                 <PAGE> 65

(1) Consolidated net assets are derived from the Consolidated Statement
    of Financial Position, as follows:

(in millions)                            2000       1999       1998

Total assets                          $14,212    $14,370    $14,733

Total liabilities                      10,784     10,458     10,745
Less: Short-term borrowings            (2,206)    (1,163)    (1,518)
Less: Long-term borrowings             (1,166)      (936)      (504)
                                      -------    -------    -------
    Non-interest-bearing liabilities    7,412      8,359      8,723
                                      -------    -------    -------
    Consolidated net assets           $ 6,800    $ 6,011    $ 6,010
                                      =======    =======    =======


Depreciation expense:
  Consumer Imaging                    $   368    $   396    $   401
  Kodak Professional                       99        100        117
  Health Imaging                           92         82         51
  Other Imaging                           179        195        168
                                      -------    -------    -------
    Consolidated total                $   738    $   773    $   737
                                      =======    =======    =======


Goodwill amortization expense:
  Consumer Imaging                    $    77    $    94    $    77
  Kodak Professional                       13         13         10
  Health Imaging                           27         24          8
  Other Imaging                            34         14         21
                                      -------    -------    -------
    Consolidated total                $   151    $   145    $   116
                                      =======    =======    =======


Capital additions:
  Consumer Imaging                    $   507    $   725    $   622
  Kodak Professional                      123        147        143
  Health Imaging                          120         92         88
  Other Imaging                           195        163        255
                                      -------    -------    -------
    Consolidated total                $   945    $ 1,127    $ 1,108
                                      =======    =======    =======


Sales to external customers attributed to (2):

  The United States                   $ 6,800    $ 6,714    $ 6,417
  Europe, Middle East and Africa        3,464      3,734      3,701
  Asia Pacific                          2,349      2,267      2,009
  Canada and Latin America              1,381      1,374      1,279
                                      -------    -------    -------
    Consolidated total                $13,994    $14,089    $13,406
                                      =======    =======    =======

(2) Sales are reported in the geographic area in which they originate.


Long-lived assets located in:

  The United States                   $ 3,913    $ 3,904    $ 4,044
  Europe, Middle East and Africa          647        715        861
  Asia Pacific                          1,056      1,024        704
  Canada and Latin America                303        304        305
                                      -------    -------    -------
    Consolidated total                $ 5,919    $ 5,947    $ 5,914
                                      =======    =======    =======

                                                                 <PAGE> 66

NOTE 18:  SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

On February 7, 2001, the Company completed its acquisition of
substantially all of the imaging businesses of Bell & Howell Company.  The
purchase price of this stock and asset acquisition was $135 million in
cash.  The acquired units provide business customers worldwide with
maintenance for document imaging components, micrographic-related
equipment, supplies, parts and service.
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 19:  QUARTERLY SALES AND EARNINGS DATA - UNAUDITED

                                 4th Qtr.   3rd Qtr.  2nd Qtr.    1st Qtr.
                                    (in millions, except per share data)
2000

Sales                             $3,560     $3,590    $3,749     $3,095
Gross profit                       1,327      1,603     1,706      1,339
Net earnings                         194(1)     418(1)    506(1)     289(1)
Basic earnings per share (5)         .66       1.37      1.63        .93
Diluted earnings per share (5)       .66       1.36      1.62        .93

1999

Sales                             $3,799     $3,580    $3,610     $3,100
Gross profit                       1,654      1,493     1,724      1,231
Net earnings                         475(2)     235(3)    491        191(4)
Basic earnings per share (5)        1.51        .74      1.54        .59
Diluted earnings per share (5)      1.50        .73      1.52        .59



(1)  Includes charges related to the sale and exit of a manufacturing
     facility of $11 million, $12 million, $18 million, and $9 million,
     which reduced net earnings by $7 million, $8 million, $12 million,
     and $6 million in the first, second, third and fourth quarters,
     respectively.

(2)  Includes a gain of $95 million on the sale of The Image Bank, which
     increased net earnings by $63 million; a gain of $25 million on
     the sale of the Motion Analysis Systems Division, which increased net
     earnings by $16 million; and $11 million of charges related to
     the sale and exit of a manufacturing facility, which reduced net
     earnings by $7 million.

(3)  Includes $350 million of restructuring costs, which reduced net
     earnings by $231 million.

(4)  Includes $103 million of charges associated with business exits,
     which reduced net earnings by $68 million.

(5)  Each quarter is calculated as a discrete period and the sum of the
     four quarters may not equal the full year amount.


                                                                 <PAGE> 67
<TABLE>
SUMMARY OF OPERATING DATA
Eastman Kodak Company and Subsidiary Companies
<CAPTION>
(Dollar amounts and shares in millions, except per share data)

                               2000     1999      1998     1997     1996
<S>                         <C>      <C>       <C.      <C>      <C>
Sales from continuing
 operations                 $13,994  $14,089   $13,406  $14,538  $15,968
Earnings from operations      2,214    1,990     1,888      130    1,845
Earnings from continuing
 operations after tax         1,407(1) 1,392(2)  1,390(3)     5(5) 1,011(7)
Earnings from discontinued
 operations after tax             -        -         -        -      277
Net earnings                  1,407(1) 1,392(2)  1,390(3)     5(5) 1,288(7)

EARNINGS AND DIVIDENDS
Net earnings
 - % of sales                  10.1%     9.9%     10.4%     0.0%     8.1%
 - % return on average
   shareholders' equity        38.3%    35.2%     38.9%     0.1%    26.1%
Basic earnings per share       4.62     4.38      4.30      .01     3.82(8)
Diluted earnings per share     4.59     4.33      4.24      .01     3.76(8)
Cash dividends declared
  - on common shares            533      560       570      577      539
  - per common share           1.76     1.76      1.76     1.76     1.60
Common shares outstanding at
 year end                     290.5    310.4     322.8    323.1    331.8
Shareholders at year end    113,308  131,719   129,495  135,132  137,092

STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL
 POSITION DATA
Working capital (9)          $1,482  $   838   $   939  $   909  $ 2,089
Properties - net              5,919    5,947     5,914    5,509    5,422
Total assets                 14,212   14,370    14,733   13,145   14,438
Short-term borrowings         2,206    1,163     1,518      611      541
Long-term borrowings          1,166      936       504      585      559
Total shareholders' equity    3,428    3,912     3,988    3,161    4,734

SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION
Sales - Consumer Imaging     $7,406  $ 7,411   $ 7,164  $ 7,681  $ 7,659
      - Kodak Professional    1,706    1,910     1,840    2,272    2,367
      - Health Imaging        2,185    2,120     1,526    1,532    1,627
      - Other Imaging         2,697    2,648     2,876    3,053    4,315
Research and development
 costs                          784      817       922(4) 1,230(6) 1,028
Depreciation                    738      773       737      748      837
Taxes (excludes payroll,
 sales and excise taxes)        933      806       809      164      663
Wages, salaries and employee
 benefits                     3,726    3,962     4,306    4,985    5,110
Employees at year end
  - in the U.S.              43,200   43,300    46,300   54,800   53,400
  - worldwide                78,400   80,650    86,200   97,500   94,800
</TABLE>
(see footnotes on next page)
                                                                 <PAGE> 68

SUMMARY OF OPERATING DATA
Eastman Kodak Company and Subsidiary Companies

(footnotes for previous page)

(1)  Includes charges related to the sale and exit of a manufacturing
     facility of $50 million, which reduced net earnings by $33 million.

(2)  Includes $350 million of restructuring charges, which reduced net
     earnings by $231 million, and an additional $11 million of charges
     related to this restructuring program, which reduced net earnings by
     $7 million; $103 million of charges associated with business exits,
     which reduced net earnings by $68 million; a gain of $95 million on
     the sale of The Image Bank, which increased net earnings by $63
     million; and a gain of $25 million on the sale of the Motion Analysis
     Systems Division, which increased net earnings by $16 million.

(3)  Includes $35 million of litigation charges, which reduced net
     earnings by $23 million; $132 million of Office Imaging charges,
     which reduced net earnings by $87 million; $45 million primarily
     for a write-off of in-process R&D associated with the Imation
     acquisition, which reduced net earnings by $30 million; a gain of
     $87 million on the sale of NanoSystems, which increased net earnings
     by $57 million; and a gain of $66 million on the sale of part of the
     Company's investment in Gretag, which increased net earnings by $44
     million.

(4)  Includes a $42 million charge for the write-off of in-process R&D
     associated with the Imation acquisition.

(5)  Includes $1,455 million of restructuring costs, asset impairments
     and other charges, which reduced net earnings by $990 million;
     $186 million for a write-off of in-process R&D associated with the
     Wang acquisition, which reduced net earnings by $123 million; and a
     $46 million litigation charge, which reduced net earnings by $30
     million.

(6)  Includes a $186 million charge for the write-off of in-process
     R&D associated with the Wang acquisition.

(7)  Includes $358 million of restructuring costs, which reduced net
     earnings by $256 million, and a $387 million loss related to the sale
     of the Office Imaging business, which reduced net earnings by $252
     million.

(8)  Basic and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were
     $3.00 and $2.95, respectively.

(9)  Excludes short-term borrowings.

                                                                 <PAGE> 69

ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
         FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

None.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                 PART III

ITEMS 10(a), 11 AND 12.  DIRECTORS OF THE REGISTRANT
                         EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
                         SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
                          AND MANAGEMENT

Responses to the above items, as contained in the Notice of 2001 Annual
Meeting and Proxy Statement, which will be filed within 120 days of the
Company's fiscal year end, are hereby incorporated by reference in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K.

ITEM 10(b).  EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

The executive officers list is contained in PART I under the caption
"Executive Officers of the Registrant" on page 8.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------

ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

None to report.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                 <PAGE> 70

                                  PART IV

ITEM 14.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

                                                                  Page No.
(a) 1.  Consolidated financial statements:
        Report of independent accountants                             31
        Consolidated statement of earnings                            32
        Consolidated statement of financial position                  33
        Consolidated statement of shareholders' equity                34-35
        Consolidated statement of cash flows                          36-37
        Notes to financial statements                                 38-66

    2.  Financial statement schedules:

        II - Valuation and qualifying accounts                        72

        All other schedules have been omitted because they are not
        applicable or the information required is shown in the
        financial statements or notes thereto.

    3.  Additional data required to be furnished:

        Exhibits required as part of this report are listed in the
        index appearing on pages 73 through 78.  The management
        contracts and compensatory plans and arrangements required
        to be filed as exhibits to this form pursuant to Item 14(c)
        of this report are listed on pages 74 through 78, Exhibit
        Numbers (10)B - (10)X.

(b) Report on Form 8-K.

    No reports on Form 8-K were filed or required to be filed during
    the quarter ended December 31, 2000.
                                                                 <PAGE> 71

                                SIGNATURES

  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

    EASTMAN KODAK COMPANY
          (Registrant)

By:                                    By:
   Daniel A. Carp, Chairman,              Robert H. Brust, Chief Financial
   President and Chief                    Officer and Executive Vice
   Executive Officer                      President


                                          E. Mark Rajkowski
                                          Controller
Date:  March 13, 2001

  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of
the registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated.

Richard S. Braddock, Director             Durk I. Jager, Director


Daniel A. Carp, Director                  Debra L. Lee, Director


Martha Layne Collins, Director            John J. Phelan, Jr., Director


Hector de J. Ruiz, Director               Laura D'Andrea Tyson, Director


Alice F. Emerson, Director                Richard A. Zimmerman, Director


Paul E. Gray, Director


Date:  March 13, 2001

                                                                 <PAGE> 72

                                                               Schedule II
              Eastman Kodak Company and Subsidiary Companies
                     Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
                               (in millions)

                             Balance at  Additions  Deductions   Balance
                             Beginning   Charged to   Amounts   at End of
                             of Period    Earnings  Written Off   Period


Year ended December 31, 2000
  Deducted in the Statement
   of Financial Position:
   From Current Receivables
     Reserve for doubtful
      accounts                  $104        $38         $80         $ 62
     Reserve for loss on
      returns and allowances      32          8          13           27
                                ----        ---         ---         ----
     TOTAL                      $136        $46         $93         $ 89
                                ====        ===         ===         ====
   From Long-Term Receivables
    and Other Noncurrent
     Assets
     Reserve for doubtful
      accounts                  $  7        $ 4         $ 3         $  8
                                ====        ===         ===         ====


Year ended December 31, 1999
  Deducted in the Statement
   of Financial Position:
   From Current Receivables
     Reserve for doubtful
      accounts                  $142        $32         $70         $104
     Reserve for loss on
      returns and allowances      27         27          22           32
                                ----        ---         ---         ----
     TOTAL                      $169        $59         $92         $136
                                ====        ===         ===         ====
   From Long-Term Receivables
    and Other Noncurrent
     Assets
     Reserve for doubtful
      accounts                  $ 10        $(2)        $ 1         $  7
                                ====        ===         ===         ====


Year ended December 31, 1998
  Deducted in the Statement
   of Financial Position:
   From Current Receivables
     Reserve for doubtful
      accounts                  $ 85        $61         $ 4         $142
     Reserve for loss on
      returns and allowances      27         13          13           27
                                ----        ---         ---         ----
     TOTAL                      $112        $74         $17         $169
                                ====        ===         ===         ====
   From Long-Term Receivables
    and Other Noncurrent
     Assets
     Reserve for doubtful
      accounts                  $ 10        $ 1         $ 1         $ 10
                                ====        ===         ===         ====


                                                                 <PAGE> 73


              Eastman Kodak Company and Subsidiary Companies
                             Index to Exhibits

Exhibit
Number

(3)  A.  Certificate of Incorporation.
         (Incorporated by reference to the Eastman Kodak Company
         Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
         December 25, 1988, Exhibit 3.)

     B.  By-laws, as amended through February 12, 1999.
         (Incorporated by reference to the Eastman Kodak Company
         Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
         December 31, 1998, Exhibit 3.)

(4)  A.  Indenture dated as of January 1, 1988 between Eastman
         Kodak Company as issuer of (i) 9 3/8% Notes Due 2003,
         (ii) 9.95% Debentures Due 2018, (iii) 9 1/2% Notes Due 2008,
         (iv) 9.20% Debentures Due 2021, and (v) 7.25% Notes Due 2005,
         and The Bank of New York as Trustee.
         (Incorporated by reference to the Eastman Kodak Company
         Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
         December 25, 1988, Exhibit 4.)

     B.  First Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 6, 1991
         and Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 20,
         1991, each between Eastman Kodak Company and The Bank of New
         York as Trustee, supplementing the Indenture described in A.
         (Incorporated by reference to the Eastman Kodak Company
         Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
         December 31, 1991, Exhibit 4.)

     C.  Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 26, 1993,
         between Eastman Kodak Company and The Bank of New York as
         Trustee, supplementing the Indenture described in A.
         (Incorporated by reference to the Eastman Kodak Company
         Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
         December 31, 1992, Exhibit 4.)

     D.  Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 1, 1993,
         between Eastman Kodak Company and The Bank of New York as
         Trustee, supplementing the Indenture described in A.
         (Incorporated by reference to the Eastman Kodak Company
         Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
         December 31, 1993, Exhibit 4.)

     Eastman Kodak Company and certain subsidiaries are parties to
     instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt
     that was not registered under the Securities Act of 1933.
     Eastman Kodak Company has undertaken to furnish a copy of these
     instruments to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon
     request.
                                                                 <PAGE> 74

              Eastman Kodak Company and Subsidiary Companies
                       Index to Exhibits (continued)

Exhibit
Number


(10) B.  Eastman Kodak Company Insurance Plan for Directors.
         (Incorporated by reference to the Eastman Kodak Company
         Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
         December 29, 1985, Exhibit 10.)

     C.  Eastman Kodak Company Deferred Compensation Plan for
         Directors, as amended February 11, 2000.
         (Incorporated by reference to the Eastman Kodak Company
         Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period
         ended June 30, 1999, and the Eastman Kodak Company Annual
         Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
         December 31, 1999, Exhibit 10.)

     E.  1982 Eastman Kodak Company Executive Deferred Compensation
         Plan, as amended effective December 9, 1999.
         (Incorporated by reference to the Eastman Kodak Company
         Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
         December 31, 1996, and the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
         for the quarterly period ended September 30, 1999, and the
         Eastman Kodak Company Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
         fiscal year ended December 31, 1999, Exhibit 10.)

     G.  Eastman Kodak Company 1990 Omnibus Long-term Compensation
         Plan, as amended effective December 9, 1999.
         (Incorporated by reference to the Eastman Kodak Company
         Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
         December 31, 1996, the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
         for the quarterly period ended March 31, 1997, the
         Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period
         ended June 30, 1998, and the Quarterly Report on Form
         10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30,
         1999, and the Eastman Kodak Company Annual Report on
         Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999,
         Exhibit 10.)



                                                                 <PAGE> 75

              Eastman Kodak Company and Subsidiary Companies
                       Index to Exhibits (continued)

Exhibit
Number


     I.  Eastman Kodak Company 1995 Omnibus Long-Term Compensation
         Plan, as amended effective December 9, 1999.
         (Incorporated by reference to the Eastman Kodak Company
         Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
         December 31, 1996, the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
         quarterly period ended March 31, 1997, the Quarterly Report on
         Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 1998, the
         Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period
         ended June 30, 1998, the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
         for the quarterly period ended September 30, 1998, and
         the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period
         ended September 30, 1999, and the Eastman Kodak Company Annual
         Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999,
         Exhibit 10.)

     J.  Kodak Executive Financial Counseling Program.
         (Incorporated by reference to the Eastman Kodak Company
         Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
         December 31, 1992, Exhibit 10.)

     K.  Personal Umbrella Liability Insurance Coverage.

         Eastman Kodak Company provides $5,000,000 personal umbrella
         liability insurance coverage to its directors and approximately
         160 key executives.  The coverage, which is insured through The
         Mayflower Insurance Company, Ltd., supplements participants'
         personal coverage.  The Company pays the cost of this insurance.
         Income is imputed to participants.
         (Incorporated by reference to the Eastman Kodak Company Annual
         Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1995.)

     L.  Kodak Executive Health Management Plan, as amended effective
         January 1, 1995.
         (Incorporated by reference to the Eastman Kodak Company
         Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
         December 31, 1995.)


                                                                 <PAGE> 76

              Eastman Kodak Company and Subsidiary Companies
                       Index to Exhibits (continued)

Exhibit
Number                                                                 Page


     M.  George M. C. Fisher Employment Agreement dated October 27,
         1993.  $4,000,000 Promissory Note dated November 2, 1993.
         $4,284,400 Promissory Note dated November 2, 1993.  Notice
         of Award of Restricted Stock dated November 11, 1993, as
         amended.  Notice of Award of Incentive Stock Options dated
         November 11, 1993.  Notice of Award of Non-Qualified Stock
         Options dated November 11, 1993.
         (Incorporated by reference to the Eastman Kodak Company
         Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
         31, 1993.)

         Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement dated as of April 4,
         1994.
         (Incorporated by reference to the Eastman Kodak Company
         Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended
         March 31, 1994, Exhibit 10.)

         Amendment No. 2 to Employment Agreement dated as of February
         25, 1997.  Notice of Award of Restricted Stock dated February
         25, 1997.  Notice of Award of Incentive Stock Options dated
         February 25, 1997.  Notice of Award of Non-Qualified Stock
         Options dated February 25, 1997.
         (Incorporated by reference to the Eastman Kodak Company Annual
         Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
         1996.)

         Amendment No. 3 to Employment Agreement dated as of
         February 1, 2000.
         (Incorporated by reference to the Eastman Kodak Company Annual
         Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
         1999.)

         Amendment No. 4 to Employment Agreement dated October, 2000.    79

     O.  Eastman Kodak Company 1997 Stock Option Plan, as amended
         and restated effective December 9, 1999.
         (Incorporated by reference to the Eastman Kodak Company
         Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
         December 31, 1999.)


                                                                 <PAGE> 77

              Eastman Kodak Company and Subsidiary Companies
                       Index to Exhibits (continued)

Exhibit
Number


     P.  Eric Steenburgh Agreement dated March 12, 1998.
         (Incorporated by reference to the Eastman Kodak Company
         Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period
         ended March 31, 1998, Exhibit 10.)

         Notice of Award of Restricted Stock Units dated
         February 11, 2000 under the 2000 Omnibus Long-Term
         Compensation Plan.
         (Incorporated by reference to the Eastman Kodak Company
         Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period
         ended March 31, 2000, Exhibit 10.)

    R.   Eastman Kodak Company 2000 Omnibus Long-Term Compensation
         Plan, as amended effective December 9, 2000.
         (Incorporated by reference to the Eastman Kodak Company
         Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended
         June 30, 1999, and the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
         quarterly period ended September 30, 1999, and the Eastman
         Kodak Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
         December 31, 1999, Exhibit 10.)

    S.   Eastman Kodak Company 2000 Management Variable Compensation
         Plan, effective as of January 1, 2000.
         (Incorporated by reference to the Eastman Kodak Company
         Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended
         June 30, 1999, Exhibit 10.)

    T.   Eastman Kodak Company Executive Protection Plan, as adopted
         effective December 9, 1999.
         (Incorporated by reference to the Eastman Kodak Company
         Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
         December 31, 1999, Exhibit 10.)

    U.   Eastman Kodak Company Estate Enhancement Plan, as adopted
         effective March 6, 2000.
         (Incorporated by reference to the Eastman Kodak Company
         Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
         December 31, 1999, Exhibit 10.)

                                                                 <PAGE> 78

              Eastman Kodak Company and Subsidiary Companies
                       Index to Exhibits (continued)

Exhibit
Number                                                                 Page


    V.   Robert J. Keegan Agreement dated June 19, 1997.
         Amendment, dated June 24, 1999, to Agreement dated
         June 19, 1997.
         (Incorporated by reference to the Eastman Kodak Company
         Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
         December 31, 1999, Exhibit 10.)

         Amendment, dated July 10, 2000, to Agreement dated
         June 19, 1997, as amended.
         (Incorporated by reference to the Eastman Kodak Company
         Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended
         June 30, 2000, Exhibit 10.)

         Agreement dated October 18, 2000.                               83

     W.  Daniel A. Carp Agreement dated November 22, 1999.
         (Incorporated by reference to the Eastman Kodak Company
         Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
         December 31, 1999, Exhibit 10.)

         $1,000,000 Promissory Note dated March 2, 2001.                 92

     X.  Robert H. Brust Agreement dated December 20, 1999.
         (Incorporated by reference to the Eastman Kodak Company
         Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
         December 31, 1999, Exhibit 10.)

(12) Statement Re Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges.     95

(21) Subsidiaries of Eastman Kodak Company.                              96

(23) Consent of Independent Accountants.                                 98

(99) Eastman Kodak Employees' Savings and Investment Plan Annual
     Report on Form 11-K for the fiscal year ended December 30, 2000
     (to be filed by amendment).

                                                                 <PAGE> 79

                                                           Exhibit (10) M.


                 FOURTH AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

     THIS AGREEMENT (the "Fourth Amendment"), made as of the XX day of
October, 2000 is intended to further amend an employment agreement, dated
as of the 27th day of October, 1993 and amended on April 4, 1994, February
25, 1997 and February 1, 2000, by and between George M.C. Fisher (the
"Executive") and Eastman Kodak Company (the "Company") hereinafter the
"Employment Agreement."

     WHEREAS, the Executive and the Company desire to amend the Employment
Agreement with respect to several post-retirement matters.

     NOW, THEREFORE, based upon the mutual promises and conditions
contained herein, the Company and the Executive (individually a "Party"
and together the "Parties") do hereby agree that the Employment Agreement
will be amended as follows, effective as of the day and year first above
written:

1.   Position

Subsection (a) of Section 3 of the Employment Agreement is amended in its
entirety to read as follows:

It is the intention of the Parties that effective December 1, 1993 and
continuing until December 7, 2000, the Executive will be elected and serve
as Chairman of the Board.  The Executive, in carrying out his duties under
this Agreement, will report to the Board.

2.   Effect on Compensation and Benefits

It is the Parties' intent that the amendment authorized under Section 1 of
this Fourth Amendment not have any adverse effect upon any compensation or
benefits payable to the Executive under the terms of the Employment
Agreement.  In the event this amendment does have such an adverse effect
upon the Executive, the Company agrees to take whatever action is
necessary to ensure that the Executive is kept whole and, therefore, not
disadvantaged as a result of the amendment.

3.   2000 Management Variable Compensation Plan Award

Subsection (a) of Section 5 is amended to add the following as the last
sentence of the subsection:

     The Executive's award under the Management Variable Compensation Plan
     for the 2000 performance period will be determined based on the
     Executive Compensation and Development Committee's final approved
     Corporate Management Performance Process ("MPCP") corporate results
     for 2000 and the Executive's target award for the period will be 75%
     of his base salary.
                                                                 <PAGE> 80

4.   Constructive Termination Without Cause

Notwithstanding anything contained in Subsection (g)(iii) of Section 1 of
the Employment Agreement to the contrary, the Parties agree that the
amendments authorized under Sections 1 and 3 of this Fourth Amendment will
not be events permitting the Executive to terminate his employment due to
a "Constructive Termination Without Cause" under Section 11 of the
Employment Agreement.

5.   Office and Secretary

Following the Executive's termination of employment, the Company will at
its expense provide the Executive a furnished office and a full-time
secretary for as long as the Executive desires.  The location of the
office will be at the Company's headquarters in Rochester, NY.  To the
extent the Executive is subject to Federal, state or local income,
employment or payroll taxes as a result of these arrangements, the Company
will "gross up" the resulting income to the Executive at the applicable
supplemental tax rate.

6.   Attending Association Meetings

Following the Executive's termination of employment, the Executive will,
for each of the associations named on attached Addendum A, be permitted to
use the Company's aircraft to attend the association's meetings until the
Executive's current position with the association either expires or
renews.  In addition, the Company agrees to reimburse the Executive, in
accordance with the terms of the Company's travel reimbursement policy,
for the other associated travel expenses the Executive incurs to attend
these meetings.  To the extent the Executive is subject to Federal, state
or local income, employment or payroll taxes as a result of his use of the
Company aircraft for these purposes or the reimbursement of his associated
travel expenses, the Company will "gross up" the resulting income to the
Executive at the applicable supplemental tax rate.

When following his termination of employment, the Executive attends a
meeting of the Advisory Board of the Tsinghua University School of
Economics & Management (Beijing, China), the Company will, in accordance
with its travel reimbursement policy, reimburse the Executive for the cost
of the commercial air travel expenses and other associated travel expenses
he incurs to attend the meeting.  To the extent the Executive is subject
to Federal, state or local income, employment or payroll taxes as a result
of these expense reimbursements, the Company will "gross up" the resulting
income to the Executive at the applicable supplemental tax rate.
                                                                 <PAGE> 81

7.   Personal Use of Company Aircraft

During the first quarter of 2001, the Executive will be permitted to use
the Company's aircraft between Rochester, NY and Phoenix, AZ and/or
Chicago, IL for the purpose of moving his office and personal effects.

During the two year period immediately following his termination of
employment, the Executive will be permitted to use for personal purposes
the Company's aircraft in order to make up to eight round-trip domestic
flights.

When using the Company aircraft under the terms of this Section 7, the
Executive will be required to comply with the Company's air travel
policies.  This use of the Company aircraft by the Executive will be
treated as ordinary income to him, be subject to all income and payroll
tax withholding required to be made under all applicable laws and not be
"grossed up" for tax purposes or be given any other special tax treatment
by the Company.

8.   Funding of Supplemental Pension

The Parties agree that Subsection (f) of Section 9 of the Employment
Agreement is deleted in its entirety.

9.   Remaining Terms of Employment Agreement

All of the remaining terms of the Employment Agreement, to the extent they
are not inconsistent with the terms of this Fourth Amendment, will remain
in full force and effect, without amendment or modification.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Fourth Amendment
as of the day and year first above written.

                              Eastman Kodak Company



                              By:      (signature)
                                   Michael P. Morley

                              Title: Senior Vice President and
                                           Director, Human Resources



                                       (signature)
                                   George M.C. Fisher

                                                                 <PAGE> 82


                                ADDENDUM A


ACPTN (The President's Advisory Council for Trade Policy and Negotiation)

Allen & Company Sun Valley Conference

National Academy of Engineering Board

The Business Counsel

World Wildlife Fund National Council and/or Board


                                                                 <PAGE> 83

                                                           Exhibit (10) V.


October 18, 2000


Mr. Robert J. Keegan



RE:  Termination of Employment

Dear Bob:

The purpose of this letter is to confirm certain aspects of your
termination of employment from Eastman Kodak Company ("Kodak").  Once
signed by both parties, this letter shall constitute an agreement between
Kodak and you.  For purposes of this letter the term "Company" will
collectively refer to Kodak and all its affiliates.

1.   Termination Date

It is hereby acknowledged that you voluntarily terminated your employment
from Kodak on September 30, 2000 (the "Termination Date").

2.   Stock Options

Subject to your satisfaction of the terms of this letter agreement, your
termination of employment will, for purposes of any vested Kodak stock
options held by you on the Termination Date, be treated as an "Approved
Reason."  Thus, these vested stock options will not be forfeited by virtue
of your voluntary termination of employment.  All of your unvested stock
options will, however, be forfeited as of the Termination Date.

3.   Management Variable Compensation Plan

Subject to your satisfaction of the terms of this letter agreement, you
will remain eligible for an award under the Management Variable
Compensation Plan ("MVCP") for the 2000 Performance Period if awards are
paid for such period.  Any award earned under the Plan will be pro-rated
based on your length of service during the 2000 Performance Period and
paid in 2001 at the same time the plan's other participants receive their
awards for the 2000 Performance Period.  The payment of any award to you
will be based on corporate and Consumer Imaging's performance during the
2000 Performance Period.

You hereby acknowledge and agree that the Company's determination with
regard to the amount and payment of any MVCP award for the 2000
Performance Period will be final and binding upon you, and any other
person having or claiming to have any right or interest on your behalf in
or under the plan, and that such determination will not give rise to any
claim against the Kodak or its affiliates or their respective directors,
officers or employees unless a court of competent jurisdiction determines
that Kodak acted arbitrary or capricious.
                                                                 <PAGE> 84

4.   Benefits Not Benefits Bearing

In no event shall any of the benefits payable under this letter agreement
be "benefits bearing."  In other words, the amount of these benefits will
not be taken into account, nor considered for any reason, for purposes of
determining any Company provided benefits or compensation to which you are
or may become eligible.

5.   Release

In partial consideration for the benefits provided to you under this
letter agreement, you hereby agree to execute the Agreement and Release
annexed hereto as Addendum A.  In the event you either fail to sign or,
once signed, make an effective revocation of Addendum A, you will not be
entitled to any of the benefits under this letter agreement.

6.   Non-Solicitation of Employees or Customers

In partial consideration for the benefits under this letter agreement, you
agree that during the two (2) year period immediately following the
Termination Date, you will not directly or indirectly recruit, solicit or
otherwise induce or attempt to induce any of Kodak's employees or
independent contractors to terminate their employment or contractual
relationship with Kodak or work for you or any other entity in any
capacity, or solicit or attempt to solicit the business or patronage or
any of Kodak's actual or prospective clients, customers, or accounts with
respect to any technologies, services, products, trade secrets, or other
matters in which the Company is active.

7.   Injunctive Relief

You acknowledge by accepting the benefits under this letter agreement that
any breach or threatened breach by you of any term of Section 6 cannot be
remedied solely by the recovery of damages or the withholding of benefits
and Kodak will therefore be entitled to an injunction against such breach
or threatened breach without posting any bond or other security.  Nothing
herein, however, will prohibit Kodak from pursuing, in connection with an
injunction or otherwise, any other remedies available at law or equity for
such breach or threatened breach, including the recovery of damages.

8.   Miscellaneous

     A.   Confidentiality.  You agree to keep the existence and content  of
          this  letter confidential except that you may review it with your
          attorney, financial advisor or spouse, or with me or my designee.

     B.   Unenforceability.   If any portion of this  letter  agreement  is
          deemed  to  be  void  or unenforceable by a  court  of  competent
          jurisdiction,  the remaining portions will remain in  full  force
          and  effect  to the maximum extent allowed by law.   The  parties
          intend  and desire that each portion of this letter agreement  be
          given the maximum possible effect allowed by law.
                                                                  <PAGE> 85

     C.   Headings.   The  heading of the several sections of  this  letter
          agreement  have been prepared for convenience and reference  only
          and  will  not  control, affect the meaning, or be taken  as  the
          interpretation of any provision of this letter agreement.

     D.   Applicable  Law.   This letter agreement, and its  interpretation
          and  application, will be governed and controlled by the laws  of
          the State of New York, applicable as though to a contract made in
          New  York by residents of New York and wholly to be performed  in
          New  York  without giving effect to principles  of  conflicts  of
          laws.

     E.   Amendment.   This letter agreement may not be changed,  modified,
          or  amended,  except in a writing signed by both  you  and  Kodak
          which  expressly acknowledges that it is changing,  modifying  or
          amending this letter agreement.

     F.   Forfeiture.  In the event that you violate any provision of  this
          letter  agreement, including Addendum "A", or your Eastman  Kodak
          Company Employee's Agreement, in addition to, and not in lieu of,
          any  other remedies that Kodak may pursue against you, no further
          benefits  will  be  made  to  you  hereunder  and  you  agree  to
          immediately  repay all monies previously paid to you pursuant  to
          this  letter  agreement.  In such event all other  provisions  of
          this  letter  agreement will remain in full force and  effect  as
          though the breach had not occurred.

Your signature below means that:

     1.   You   have  had  ample  opportunity  to  discuss  the  terms  and
          conditions  of  this  letter agreement with  an  attorney  and/or
          financial advisor of your choice and as a result fully understand
          its terms and conditions; and

     2.   You  accept  the  terms and conditions set forth in  this  letter
          agreement; and

     3.   This  letter  agreement  supersedes  and  replaces  any  and  all
          agreements or understandings whether written or oral that you may
          have  with  the  Company, concerning the subject  matter  hereof;
          except,  however,  this letter agreement does  not  supersede  or
          replace your Eastman Kodak Company Employee's Agreement.
                                                                  <PAGE> 86

If  you  find  the  foregoing acceptable, please  sign  your  name  on  the
signature  line provided below and on the attached Agreement  and  Release.
Please  note  that  your signature on the Agreement  and  Release  must  be
notarized  in  front of a notary.  Once signed, please return  this  letter
agreement and the Agreement and Release directly to my attention.


                              Very truly yours,



                              Michael P. Morley


MPM:llh
Enclosure



Signed:       (signature)
          Robert J. Keegan


Dated:

                                                                  <PAGE> 87

                                ADDENDUM A

                       AGREEMENT, WAIVER AND RELEASE



NOTICE:   YOU  ARE  ADVISED TO CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY PRIOR TO  EXECUTING
          THIS AGREEMENT.

This  Agreement, Waiver and Release (the "Agreement") is a contract between
the  undersigned employee ("you") who terminated employment on the 30th day
of September, 2000 and your employer, the Eastman Kodak Company ("Kodak").

1.   Benefits

In  consideration for signing this Agreement, you will receive the benefits
(the  "Termination  Benefits") described in the  letter  agreement  between
yourself  and  Kodak  dated October 18, 2000, to which  this  Agreement  is
attached as Addendum A.

2.   Release

In  consideration  for  the Termination Benefits, you  hereby  release  and
discharge   Eastman   Kodak  Company  (Kodak),  its  parent   corporations,
subsidiaries,  affiliates,  successors and  assigns  and  their  respective
directors,   officers,  employees  and  agents  (hereinafter   collectively
referred  to  as the "Releasees"), both individually and in their  official
capacity, from all claims, actions and causes of action of any kind,  which
you,  or  your agents, executors, heirs, or assigns ever had, now have,  or
may  have, whether known or unknown, as a result of your employment  by  or
termination of employment from Kodak.  This Agreement includes, but is  not
limited to, the following: any action or cause of action asserted or  which
could have been asserted under the Age Discrimination In Employment Act  of
1967,  Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the New York Human Rights
Law,  the New York Labor Law, the Employee Retirement Income Security  Act,
the  Americans  with  Disabilities Act, the Fair Labor Standards  Act,  the
National  Labor Relations Act or the Equal Pay Act, all as amended;  claims
for wrongful discharge, unjust dismissal, or constructive discharge; claims
for  breach of any alleged oral, written or implied contract of employment;
claims for salary, severance payments, bonuses or other compensation of any
kind;  claims  for  benefits;  claims for libel,  slander,  defamation  and
attorneys'  fees;  and  any  other claims under  federal,  state  or  local
statute, law, rule or regulation.


BY  SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT, YOU GIVE UP ANY RIGHT YOU MAY HAVE TO  BRING  A
LAWSUIT  OR  RECEIVE  A  RECOVERY  ON ANY CLAIM  AGAINST  KODAK  AND  THOSE
ASSOCIATED WITH KODAK BASED ON ANY ACTIONS, FAILURES TO ACT, STATEMENTS, OR
EVENTS OCCURRING PRIOR TO THE DATE OF THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING CLAIMS THAT
IN  ANY  WAY  ARISE  FROM OR RELATE TO YOUR EMPLOYMENT WITH  KODAK  OR  THE
TERMINATION OF THAT EMPLOYMENT.

3.   Release Exclusions

Excluded from the scope of this Release are claims for the compensation and
benefits  described on Exhibit "A," a copy of which is annexed  hereto  and
made a part hereof.
                                                                  <PAGE> 88

4.   Termination Date

You  hereby  acknowledge  that your employment  with  Kodak  terminated  on
September 30, 2000.

5.   No Future Lawsuits

In  addition to any and all other obligations you may have under the  terms
of this Agreement, you also separately and independently covenant and agree
that  you  will  not  sue Releasees upon any of the claims  that  you  have
released  in Section 2 of this Agreement.  You further agree not to  assist
any  other  person or entity in bringing any lawsuit against Kodak  in  any
state or federal court unless such restriction is prohibited by law.

6.   Cooperation

You  understand  that following your termination of employment,  Kodak  may
need  your  continued cooperation and involvement with  various  pieces  of
litigation and other legal matters which are pending at such time or  which
may   arise  thereafter.   In  further  consideration  of  the  Termination
Benefits,  you  agree, at Kodak's request from time to time,  to  cooperate
with  Kodak  in its efforts to defend and/or pursue any such litigation  or
other  legal  matters.  You will provide this assistance  to  Kodak  at  no
additional  remuneration beyond the Termination Benefits.  When  performing
these  services at Kodak's request, except where prohibited by  law,  Kodak
will  reimburse  you for reasonable travel and lodging  expenses  that  you
incur  upon  submission of documentation acceptable to Kodak.   By  way  of
illustration and not by way of limitation, the types of services  that  may
be  requested  of  you  under  this Section 6 include:  attending  strategy
sessions,  attending  preparations  for trial,  appearing  at  depositions,
executing affidavits and testifying at trials.

7.   Return of Kodak Property

Whether or not you sign this Agreement, you are reminded that prior to your
termination  of  employment  you  must have  returned  to  Kodak,  (i)  all
documents,  and  other tangible items, and any copies,  that  are  in  your
possession  or  control  and  which  contain  confidential  information  in
written,  magnetic or other form and shall have not given  such  documents,
items, or copies to anyone other than another Kodak employee; and (ii)  all
other Kodak property within your possession including, but not limited  to,
office   keys,  identification  badges  or  passes,  Kodak  credit   cards,
automobiles,  and  computer  equipment and software.   You  understand  and
acknowledge   your  continuing  obligation  regarding  the  disclosure   of
confidential,  proprietary  and trade secret  information  which  you  have
obtained during your employment with Kodak.
                                                                  <PAGE> 89

8.   Eastman Kodak Company Employees' Agreement

Whether  or not you sign this Agreement, you are reminded that the  Eastman
Kodak  Company  Employees' Agreement (the "Employees'  Agreement")  entered
into  between  Kodak and yourself remains in full force  and  effect  after
termination  of  your  employment.  Under  the  Employees'  Agreement,  you
reaffirmed   your   obligation  not  to  disclose  Kodak   trade   secrets,
confidential  or  proprietary information.  Also, under the  terms  of  the
Employee's  Agreement, you agreed not to engage in work  or  activities  on
behalf  of a competitor of Kodak's in the field in which you were  employed
by Kodak for a period following termination of your employment equal to the
total  number  of months you were employed by Kodak, but in no  event  more
than twenty four (24) months.

9.   Breach

You  agree that if you violate any part of this Agreement or the Employees'
Agreement  described  in Section 8 above, you will be responsible  for  all
costs  incurred  by Kodak that flow from that violation, including  Kodak's
legal  fees  and other costs associated with any legal action  that  arises
from  that violation.  You also agree that if you violate any part of  this
Agreement  or  the Employees' Agreement, you will not be  entitled  to  the
Termination Benefits.

You  further  agree that any breach or threatened breach  by  you  of  this
Agreement  cannot be remedied solely by the recovery of damages  and  Kodak
shall  therefore  be  entitled to any injunction  against  such  breach  or
threatened  breach  without posting any bond or  other  security.   Nothing
herein, however, shall be construed as prohibiting Kodak from pursuing,  in
connection with an injunction or otherwise, any other remedies available at
law  or equity for such breach or threatened breach, including the recovery
of damages.

10.  Period of Review and Other Considerations

a.   Date of Receipt.  You acknowledge that you received this Agreement  on
     or prior to November 1, 2000.

b.   Attorney  Consultation.   You  acknowledge  that  you  have  had   the
     opportunity to consult with an attorney of your choice concerning this
     Agreement.

c.   Period  of Review.  You acknowledge that you have been given at  least
     21  days  in which to consider signing this Agreement.  You understand
     that  in the event you execute this Agreement within less than 21 days
     of the date of its delivery to you, you acknowledge that such decision
     was  entirely  voluntary  and that you have  had  the  opportunity  to
     consider this Agreement for the entire 21 day period.

d.   Entire  Agreement.   This  Agreement,  including  in  particular   its
     reference  regarding the continuing effectiveness  of  the  Employees'
     Agreement,  along with the attached Exhibit "A" sets forth the  entire
     agreement  between Kodak and yourself and supersedes and renders  null
     and  void  any  and  all  prior  or contemporaneous  oral  or  written
     understandings, statements, representations or promises regarding  the
     subject  matter  hereof.  This Agreement does not, however,  supersede
     the Employees' Agreement which remains in full force and effect.
                                                                  <PAGE> 90

e.   Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be construed and governed by  the
     laws  of the State of New York without giving effect to principles  of
     conflicts  of laws.   Disputes arising under this Agreement  shall  be
     adjudicated  within the exclusive jurisdiction of a state  or  federal
     court  located in Monroe County, New York.  Neither party  waives  any
     right  it  may  have  to remove such an action to  the  United  States
     Federal  District Court located in Monroe County, New  York.   If  any
     provision of this Agreement including, but not limited to, the  waiver
     of   claims   under   any  particular  statute,   should   be   deemed
     unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall, to the extent possible,
     be  carried  into effect, taking into account the general purpose  and
     spirit of this Agreement.

f.   Revocation  of Agreement.  You understand that you have the  right  to
     revoke this Agreement within 7 days of your signing it, and that  this
     Agreement shall not become effective or enforceable until this  7  day
     period has expired.  To revoke this Agreement, you agree to notify  in
     writing: Senior Vice President and Director, Human Resources,  Eastman
     Kodak  Company,  343  State Street, Rochester, NY  14650.   Unless  so
     revoked, this Agreement will be effective at 5:00 p.m. on such seventh
     day.   You  agree  that  if you exercise your  right  to  revoke  this
     Agreement   within  7  days,  your  termination  of  employment   will
     nevertheless  remain  effective, you  will  not  be  entitled  to  the
     Termination  Benefits, and you will immediately return  to  Kodak  any
     consideration you have already received.

YOU  HAVE  CAREFULLY READ AND FULLY UNDERSTAND ALL THE PROVISIONS  OF  THIS
AGREEMENT,  AND  YOU  ARE  ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT  VOLUNTARILY.   YOU
ACKNOWLEDGE  THAT  THE  CONSIDERATION YOU ARE  RECEIVING  IN  EXCHANGE  FOR
EXECUTING  THIS AGREEMENT IS GREATER THAN THAT WHICH YOU WOULD BE  ENTITLED
TO  IN  THE  ABSENCE  OF  THIS AGREEMENT.  YOU HAVE  NOT  RELIED  UPON  ANY
REPRESENTATION  OR  STATEMENT, WRITTEN OR  ORAL,  NOT  SET  FORTH  IN  THIS
AGREEMENT.


     WITNESS MY SIGNATURE, THIS  XX DAY OF XXXXX, 2000.

                                            (signature)
                                          Robert J. Keegan

Sworn to before me this
  XX  day of XXXXX, 2000.

      (signature)
     Notary Public

     WITNESS MY SIGNATURE, THIS  XX  DAY OF  XXXXX, 2000.

                                  (signature)
                         Employer Representative Signature


Sworn to before me this
 XX  day of  XXXXX, 2000.

       (signature)
     Notary Public

                                                                  <PAGE> 91

                                Exhibit "A"


1.   Claims  for benefits to which you may be eligible under the  terms  of
     the following benefit plans, as such plans may be amended from time to
     time: Kodak Retirement Income Plan or Eastman Kodak Employees' Savings
     and Investment Plan.

2.   Claims  for  expenses incurred by you or your covered  family  members
     prior  to  your  termination of employment  under  the  Kodak  Medical
     Assistance Plan or the Kodak Dental Plan.

3.   Claims for accrued, but unpaid and unused, benefits under the Vacation
     Plan.

4.   Any  claims  that may arise after the date this Agreement is  executed
     unrelated to your employment or the termination of your employment.

5.   Claims  for  benefits owing to you under the letter agreement  between
     you and Kodak dated October 18, 2000.

6.   Claims for benefits owing to you under the letter agreements  between
     you and Kodak dated June19, 1997, June 24, 1999 and July 10, 2000.

7.   Claims  for  benefits under the Eastman Kodak Company  1982  Executive
     Deferred Compensation Plan.


                                                                  <PAGE> 92

                                                            Exhibit (10) W.

                                                              $1,000,000.00
                                                        Rochester, New York
                                                              March 2, 2001


                              PROMISSORY NOTE


      The  undersigned (hereinafter, jointly and severally, referred to  as
"Maker"),  for value received, hereby promises to pay to the Eastman  Kodak
Company  (hereinafter  referred to as "Payee") the  principal  sum  of  One
Million and 00/100 Dollars ($1,000,000.00), together with interest  on  the
outstanding  principal balance at the per annum rate of  5.07%,  compounded
annually.  Unless required to be repaid sooner under this Note, the  entire
principal sum, all interest accrued thereon, and all other amounts due  the
holder hereunder shall be repaid in a single payment on March 1, 2006.

      The  entire principal balance of the Note will be used by  the  Maker
only  to  acquire  a  personal residence (hereinafter referred  to  as  the
"Property").

      Payment  of  this  Note shall be made to Payee at 343  State  Street,
Rochester,  New  York,  c/o  Senior  Vice  President  and  Director,  Human
Resources,  or such other place designated in writing by the holder  hereof
to  the Maker, in such coin or currency of the United States of America  as
at  the  time  of  payment is legal tender for the payment  of  public  and
private debts.

      The  entire unpaid balance hereof, all interest accrued thereon,  and
all other amounts due the holder hereunder shall become immediately due and
payable upon the occurrence of any of the following events:

      (a)  The Maker's termination of employment from the Payee, regardless
of the reason for such termination;

      (b)  The sale, transfer or other disposition of all or any part of the
Property, or any right in the Property;

      (c)   Failure of the Maker to make any payment hereunder when and  as
the  same shall become due, which failure shall have continued for a period
of  10  days, or the Maker's default in any of his other obligations  under
this Note;

      (d)  The insolvency of, or the making of an assignment for the benefit
of  creditors  of, or the appointment of a receiver of all  or  a  material
amount  of the Property of, or the dissolution of, or if a natural  person,
the death of, the Maker, and/or any guarantor hereof;

      (e)   There  shall have been a default under any mortgage, indenture,
loan   agreement  or  other  instrument  evidencing  direct  or  contingent
indebtedness  of the Maker, or of any guarantor, which shall have  resulted
in  such  indebtedness becoming or being declared due and payable prior  to
the  date on which it would otherwise become due and payable (provided that
if  such default shall have been cured by the Maker or the guarantor(s), as
the case may be, or waived by the holders of such indebtedness, the default
hereunder by reason thereof shall no longer exist);
                                                                  <PAGE> 93

      (f)  The Maker or any guarantor shall have

           (i)  admitted in writing the inability to pay debts generally as
they become due,

           (ii)  filed  a  petition in bankruptcy or  a  petition  to  take
advantage of any insolvency or debtor relief act,

           (iii)     made an assignment for the benefit of creditors,

           (iv)  consented to the appointment of a receiver for all or  any
substantial part of the Property,

           (v)  had entered an order for relief under the Federal Bankruptcy
Code, or

           (vi)  filed  a  petition  or  answer seeking  reorganization  or
arrangement  under the Federal Bankruptcy Laws or any other applicable  law
or statute;

      (g)   A  court of competent jurisdiction shall have entered an order,
judgment, or decree appointing a receiver of the Maker or any guarantor, or
of  the  whole or any substantial part of the property of any of  them,  or
approving  a petition filed against the Maker or any guarantor seeking  its
reorganization  or  arrangement under the Federal Bankruptcy  Laws  or  any
other  applicable law or statute of the United States of  America,  or  any
State  thereof, and such order, judgment or decree shall not be vacated  or
set aside or stayed within thirty (30) days from the date of entry thereof;
and

      (h)  Under the provisions of any law for the relief or aid of debtors,
any  court of competent jurisdiction shall have assumed custody or  control
of  the Maker or any guarantor, or of the whole or any substantial part  of
the  property  of the Maker or any guarantor, and such custody  or  control
shall  not have been terminated or stayed within thirty (30) days from  the
date of assumption of such custody or control.

     In the event of any such default referenced above, the Maker agrees to
pay  in  addition  to other amounts due, all costs and expenses  (including
reasonable attorneys' fees, whether incurred within or apart from any legal
action  or  proceeding)  incident  to the  collection  or  enforcement,  or
attempted  collection  or enforcement, of any sums outstanding  under  this
Note.   All  payments received shall be applied first  to  such  costs  and
expenses, if any, second to interest and then to principal.

      Failure on the part of any holder of this Note to exercise any of its
rights hereunder shall not be deemed a waiver of such rights.

      The Maker hereby waives presentment, demand, notice, protest, and all
other  demands  and  notices in connection with the  delivery,  acceptance,
performance, default or enforcement of this Note.

      The  principal sum may be prepaid in whole or in part on any  payment
date without premium or penalty.

      This  Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with  the
laws of the State of New York.
                                                                  <PAGE> 94

      The  undersigned, if more than one, agree to be jointly and severally
liable hereunder, and the term "undersigned" as used herein, shall mean any
one or more of them.



IN  WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Note as of  the  day
and year first written above.

                 (signature)
               Daniel A. Carp




STATE OF NEW YORK   )
                    ) ss.:
COUNTY OF MONROE    )


      On the XX day of XXXXX in the year 2001 before me, the undersigned, a
Notary  Public in and for said State, personally appeared Daniel  A.  Carp,
personally  known  to  me  or  proved to me on the  basis  of  satisfactory
evidence  to  be  the  individual whose name is subscribed  to  the  within
instrument and acknowledged to me that he executed the same in his capacity
and  that by his signature on the instrument, the individual, or the person
upon behalf of which the individual acted, executed the instrument.

                  (signature)
                 Notary Public



                                                                 <PAGE> 95

                                                              Exhibit (12)
<TABLE>
Eastman Kodak Company and Subsidiary Companies
Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges
<CAPTION>
(in millions, except for ratios)

Year Ended December 31

                               2000      1999      1998      1997      1996
<S>                          <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
Earnings from
 continuing operations
 before provision for
 income taxes                $2,132    $2,109    $2,106    $   53    $1,556
Add:
  Interest expense              178       142       110        98        83
  Share of interest expense
   of 50% owned companies        16         8         7         5         2
  Interest component of
   rental expense (1)            52        47        50        61        81
  Amortization of
   capitalized interest          28        24        24        23        22
                             ------    ------    ------    ------    ------

  Earnings as adjusted       $2,406    $2,330    $2,297    $  240    $1,744
                             ======    ======    ======    ======    ======

Fixed charges
  Interest expense              178       142       110        98        83
  Share of interest expense
   of 50% owned companies        16         8         7         5         2
  Interest component of
   rental expense (1)            52        47        50        61        81
  Capitalized interest           40        36        41        33        29
                             ------    ------    ------    ------    ------
  Total fixed charges        $  286    $  233    $  208    $  197    $  195
                             ======    ======    ======    ======    ======
Ratio of earnings to
 fixed charges                 8.4x     10.0x(2)  11.0x      1.2x(3)   8.9x(4)
<FN>
(1)  Interest component of rental expense is estimated to equal 1/3 of
     such expense, which is considered a reasonable approximation of the
     interest factor.

(2)  The ratio is 11.5x before deducting restructuring costs of $350
     million.

(3)  The ratio is 8.6x before deducting restructuring costs, asset
     impairments and other charges of $1,455 million.

(4)  The ratio is 12.8x before deducting restructuring costs of $358
     million and the loss on the sale of the Office Imaging business of
     $387 million.


</TABLE>
                                                                 <PAGE> 96

                                                              Exhibit (21)

Subsidiaries of Eastman Kodak Company
                                                        Organized
Companies Consolidated                                Under Laws of

Eastman Kodak Company                                  New Jersey
  Eastman Kodak International
    Sales Corporation                                  Barbados
  Torrey Pines Realty Company, Inc.                    Delaware
  Cinesite, Inc.                                       Delaware
  FPC Inc.                                             California
  Qualex Inc.                                          Delaware
    Qualex Canada Photofinishing Inc.                  Canada
  PictureVision Inc.                                   Delaware
  Eastman Gelatine Corporation                         Massachusetts
  Eastman Canada Inc.                                  Canada
    Kodak Canada Inc.                                  Canada
    Kodak (Export Sales) Ltd.                          Hong Kong
  Kodak Argentina S.A.I.C.                             Argentina
  Kodak Chilena S.A.F.                                 Chile
  Kodak Americas Miami Export Operations (KAMEO)       Delaware
  Kodak Panama, Ltd.                                   New York
  Kodak Americas, Ltd.                                 New York
  Kodak Venezuela, S.A.                                Venezuela
  Kodak (Near East), Inc.                              New York
  Kodak (Singapore) Pte. Limited                       Singapore
  Kodak Philippines, Ltd.                              New York
  Kodak Limited                                        England
    Cinesite (Europe) Limited                          England
    Kodak India Limited                                India
    Kodak International Finance Ltd.                   England
  Kodak Polska Sp.zo.o                                 Poland
  Kodak AO                                             Russia
  Kodak Ireland Limited                                Ireland
  Kodak-Pathe SA                                       France
  Kodak A.G.                                           Germany
  E. K. Holdings, B.V.                                 Netherlands
    Kodak Brasileira C.I.L.                            Brazil
  Kodak Korea Limited                                  South Korea
  Kodak Far East Purchasing, Inc.                      New York
  Kodak New Zealand Limited                            New Zealand
  Kodak (Australasia) Pty. Ltd.                        Australia
  Kodak (Kenya) Limited                                Kenya
  Kodak (Egypt) S.A.E.                                 Egypt
  Kodak (Malaysia) S.B.                                Malaysia
  Kodak Taiwan Limited                                 Taiwan
                                                                <PAGE>  97

                                                              Exhibit (21)
                                                               (Continued)

                                                        Organized
Companies Consolidated                                Under Laws of

Eastman Kodak Company
  Eastman Kodak International Capital
    Company, Inc.                                      Delaware
    Kodak de Mexico S.A. de C.V.                       Mexico
    Kodak Export de Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V.         Mexico
    Kodak Mexicana S.A. de C.V.                        Mexico
    N.V. Kodak S.A.                                    Belgium
    Kodak a.s.                                         Denmark
    Kodak Norge A/S                                    Norway
    Kodak SA                                           Switzerland
    Kodak (Far East) Limited                           Hong Kong
    Kodak (Thailand) Limited                           Thailand
  Kodak G.m.b.H.                                       Austria
  Kodak Kft.                                           Hungary
  Kodak Oy                                             Finland
  Kodak Nederland B.V.                                 Netherlands
  Kodak S.p.A.                                         Italy
  Kodak Portuguesa Limited                             New York
  Kodak S.A.                                           Spain
  Kodak AB                                             Sweden
  Eastman Kodak S.A.                                   Switzerland
  Eastman Kodak (Japan) Ltd.                           Japan
  Kodak Japan Ltd.                                     Japan
    Kodak Imagex K.K.                                  Japan
    K.K. Kodak Information Systems                     Japan
  Kodak Japan Industries Ltd.                          Japan
  Kodak (China) Limited                                Hong Kong
  Kodak Electronic Products (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.       China
  BASO Precision Optics, Ltd.                          Taiwan
  K.H. Optical Company Limited                         Hong Kong
  Kodak Photographic Equipment (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.    China
  Kodak (China) Co. Ltd.                               China
  Kodak (WUXI) Co. Ltd.                                China
  Kodak Xiamen Ltd.                                    China

Note:  Subsidiary Company names are indented under the name of the parent
       company.
                                                                 <PAGE> 98

                                                              Exhibit (23)

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Prospectuses
constituting part of the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 33-
48258, No. 33-49285, No. 33-64453, No. 333-31759, No. 333-43526, and No.
333-43524), Form S-4 (No. 33-48891), and S-8 (No. 33-5803, No. 33-35214,
No. 33-56499, No. 33-65033, No. 33-65035, No. 333-57729, No. 333-57659,
No. 333-57663, No. 333-57665, and No. 333-23371) of Eastman Kodak Company
of our report dated January 15, 2001, appearing on page 31 of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K.




PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Rochester, New York
March 13, 2001








</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
